For a hundred bucks they sold me something called a fish, covered in a 'white sauce' (it was white flour, with a bit of butter and milk - I KNOW HOW TO COOK), and diced asparagus. Neither the starter nor the dessert broke from the general theme. There absolutely HAS to be a better place in Indy, or people need to get out more. You know what tasted good? The bacon and cheddar potatos au gratin. Why not stick with that? Why bother with SEAFOOD!	0
Once seated, we ordered a seafood tower - once again it took a very long time (30+ min) to get to the table - all the tables around us were empty - it was a week night.  During this long time our drinks were left empty.  Additionally, even though we were clearly ready, the waiter did not come back to take our order - requiring us to eat our shellfish with menus on our laps.  He did not take our order until after we were done with the appetizer.	0
Went there earlier this summer to celebrate my birthday. The waiter took our appetizers away before we even touched them! The bread was hard as a rock, like it was really old! I was afraid to eat it, I thought I'd break my teeth off! How they could seve that to customers is beyond me! My boyfriend got a tiny lobster that cost a fortune! He recieved no sides with it  and it tasted like rubber! Good thing he wasn't hungry or we would of had to take him to another restarant just to get him filled up, that's how tiny the lobster was! I won't go back!	0
Are you kidding me??? This is the premiere seafood restaurant in Indianapolis.   We went Saturday night and the place was a ghost town, wine list adequate at best. But the corker was when the BF ordered a crab cocktail at $ 20  for 3oz which btw , would be $ 80+ a lb !!! And it was canned.   Not even frozen! . No wonder the server didn't want to tell him. It arrived while I was in the ladies room.  I never saw it because he knew I would have lost it ... The shrimp cocktail , which we did eat.   Was frozen. These people have some nerve.	0
You just expect more when the appetizers are priced in the $10s to the $20s and the ala carte entrees from the $20s to the $30s and even $40s. The tables are so low, you can't cross your legs (this meant two tall people had to sit virtually sideways). The fish was fine but not remarkable. The crab cakes were fine but unremarkable (and why did a crab cake with what they say is 90% crab include two fish bones?). But the service? We didn't order the halibut, we ordered the sole. We ordered asparagus, it didn't come. We ordered coffee with dessert, it didn't come. We waited forever for a check, even when the restaurant was largely empty and our waiter could be seen back in the kitchen hanging out. On this night, Oceanaire was all pole and no catch.	0
The place was crowded which in one hand shows it is well liked. A plus. The wait staff was uninvolved except to grab menus and drop off food. The menus is uninspired and what came out was mediocre. The apple butter was nice. I asked for unsalted fries and the ones I received were. The sweet potato looked like its been dropped on the floor and was dry.	0
The breadsticks are awesome but the vegetarian pizza tastes like cardboard. Worst I've ever had.	0
Two days before the Super Bowl, beers went from ~$5 to ~$8. Fine. What got me was the bartender, who, when asked about the sudden price increase, says to my girlfriend: "Hey, it's the Super Bowl, honey!". Really?? 'Cause we didn't get the memo.	0
$40 for an omelet, French toast, & 2 bloody Mary's is just crazy! Tables are way too close together also.	0
They didn't have regular hot sauce, only sriracha. that really bugs me bc sriracha does not go with breakfast and i tire of seeing nonasian restaurants use it like some trendy totem. The service gave me the impression that they didn't really care whether we were there or not.	0
First time here. Got the omelet made with Smoking Goose jowl bacon and Swiss cheese, fruit cup, and cinnamon toast that everyone raves about, along with a cup of coffee. Including tip this set me back $20!! Definitely not worth that price! The cheese in the omelet was barely melted and the cinnamon toast I could make at home. I'm not sure I understand what all the hype is about...	0
Hats off to the chef!	1
I am a fan of every restaurant on Martha Hoover's resume, and this downtown location of Patachou is no exception. Yes, you will pay a bit more and yes, during lunch on a workday it will probably be crowded. Who cares? Worth it. I'm a huge fan of their chicken salad sandwiches for lunch and when I feel like being semi-healthy, the Ensalada Fresca usually wins. They have a variation during the winter months that I like even more than the regular salad. If you're in a brunch mood, you can't beat the broken yolk sandwiches or the omelettes. I promise you won't be disappointed.	1
Coffee bar while you wait is a great thing and if you go at a normal time you will most likely be waiting. Never had a bad item! A bit pricey but able to sub gluten free bread and other items to have a completely GF meal!!	1
One of my fav places to go for breakfast in Indy! I highly recommend it!	1
As always, the Bagel Deli doesn't disappoint. My fiancé and I got there Saturday morning just after 8 and found friendly, familiar faces waiting for us!!! This means a lot because it's always nice to catch up while your bagel is steaming away! I had been craving the Loxy Lady for days, but switched it up with the new sriracha veggie cream cheese!!! Omg! If you like spice, please do yourself a flavor favor and check it out!	1
There is a bagel for everyone here. Go ahead, see for yourself! You wont be disappointed. If you are planning your first trip to the Ripple Bagel and Deli, casually walk to the back where they assemble the sandwiches, place your order, then walk back to the front and pay. You will look like a regular. I know I looked incredibly lost the first time I walked through the doors. Plenty of vegetarian and vegan options available!	1
Stumbled on this gem while on a short jaunt around Broad Ripple. Unique store with lots of personality and a mind boggling variety of bagels fixed any way you can imagine and then some.	1
This place is a must try! I was Indiana for work and am so glad I discovered it before I left. I got the Market Street crepe that was full of veggies and had a Classic crepe with bananas, Nutella, and pecans. The dessert crepe was heavenly! If you're in this area, definitely stop by! I recommend coming early because there will be a line at lunch time.	1
I was simply fascinated! The process seems so delicate, yet they do it so quickly! I chose the ingredients, they poured the crape and I was off with a meal that i could eat with one hand. It made my trip to the farmers market so unique. It has opened my world to crapes! 	1
I wanted to like this so much. I honestly would like to go back to see if maybe I just had an off experience, but this place just left me wanting more.	0
Love this place! Burgers are great, always fresh and hot. A little pricey, but worth it especially for their specialty burgers and burger-of-the-months. Only complaint is no nutrition facts.	1
They have pretty good burgers fries are good freindly staff never had any problems. The beef was moist not overcooked fries were crisp its making me hungry writing this.	1
Not impressed by my first visit. The food was ok, but not fantastic. Tots and fries are frozen - not home made. The veggie patty was good, but I ordered the Blue Burger which comes with grilled onions, blue cheese and mayo. I asked for no mayo, add pickle. What I received was no onions, mayo and pickle. I'll give them another shot, but it definitely didn't live up to the hype.	0
It started off bad with no bacon and no fries, but when I asked them about it their response was "what do you want us to do about it?"  I pay for food, I don't get what I paid for, and that's the response I get?  I then had to show him the receipt to prove I had ordered bacon. He stated if I ordered bacon it would be itemized on the receipt.  I pointed out that the burger I ordered does not have a $10 menu price and that it was clearly base price + texas toast + bacon to arrive at the price shown on the receipt.  I can't believe I had to sit there and debate the issue with him.  I was doing my best to be polite about the matter even thought I was agitated that I had to teach a grown man third grade math and educate him on his own company's prices. Since I paid with a credit card he asked for my receipt so he could go fix it.  He never did come back after taking my receipt.  I never received my refund either. I simply can't recommend this restaurant based on my experience.  I was polite and patient through the whole ordeal. They let me down in every way possible, and they still owe me for the bacon.	0
I haven't eaten here for a while, but I currently live more than 100 miles away also. The food is always great, at a reasonable price and everyone is always nice. The owner was an old boss of mine who was always nice to work for too (although I did not work here.)	1
Needed a quick bite for dinner last week and happened to be a block away from Punch Burger. Pick a specialty burger from the chalk board on the wall or make your own. Got my burger served to me maybe 8 minutes after I paid so service is super quick. I had the Burnt Cheese burger with jalapeños which was money. Cant go wrong with crispy burnt cheese on a big beef patty with waffle fries! (They also have sweet potato tots which was a very tempting venture.) Yes, they do serve beer here and yes all local brew on draft! In all seriousness if you want a quality above average burger and maybe a pint this is perfect.	1
Are you kidding me? Totally over rated. The burger is a "burger king" experience. Waffle fries were over fried and smothered in season salt. Bru Burger 2 blocks away is nirvana in comparison.	0
So, Punch Burger, you apparently have enough customers and don't need my business.  Called today to place an order as I was heading out the door so I could swing by and pick up. Couldn't believe when I was told "we don't accept phone orders. You have to order online through xyz(who knows/who cares) website." No problem, Hardee's it was... and from my one previous experience with your food, not much difference. So I won't bother you again...	0
This place was an attempt at being a trendy five guys. Over rated. Fries came out cold, unseasoned and with bits on the bottom. Ask them for hot fries, they were warm but unseasoned  and still with bits.  I would say in a blind test, chick fil a fries would be voted better waffle fries. Burger was just okay. Nothing to talk about. Still looking for the best burger in Indy. Sometimes simplicity is the best way to go.	0