I had the lobster roll and the cream of potato soup. One of the best meals I have had in a long time. The location is not bad either.	1
Somebody please shoot me if I ever step foot into this place again. My expectations were much higher.	0
This place used to be amazing. After going there last week, I can verify that this is no longer the case. There are much better options in the area.	0
I went to this place yesterday. Never again.	0
Who would have thought that a place in a location as remote as this one could have such amazing food? A very pleasant surprise for everyone in my group.	1
The thing that matters the most to me about restaurants (besides good food) is the quality of the service. This is exactly why coming to this place was not a good idea.	0
This place came highly recommended by a very good friend of mine. However, the food was far below our expecatations. I will not return any time soon.	0
The food was not bad but the portions were tiny and unreasonably priced. 40$ for a steak? Come on now..	0
A hidden gem in a neighborhood full of bad restaurants. I will definitely come back soon!	1
Try their lobster roll, it is out of this world! My friends kept talking about this place and now I know why!	1
Coming here was a great mistake. They charge 18$ for a single cocktail, and it wasn't even that good.	0
Big portions and high quality food, just like every restaurant should be.	1
The food in this restaurant is truly sublime. Everything I tried was out of this world!!!	1
The service was great and the food did not disappoint, definitely a night to remember.	1
There was nothing that we didn't like. A 5 star experience all around.	1
This place is a bit hard to find, but they really know how to satisfy their customers.	1
This restaurant is definitely in my top10, not just because of the food, but also because of the service quality	1
The drinks were way too overpriced. In addition, our food took forever to arrive. Not exactly a 5 star experience.	0
Slow service and terrible food. I'm never going back there again!	0
Our server took way too long, so everything was cold by the time it arrived.	0
The food was not tasty and the service was not good either. Coming here was a mistake.	0
After considering the menu, I decided to get the steak and the soup of the day. When my food arrived, it was neither warm nor tasty. I told the waiter but he said he couldn't help me. How does this place stay open?	0
I came here with a group of friends. I wasn't very hungry so I just got a bowl of soup. That thing was way too spicy for a human. I almost threw up in the restaurant.	0
Terrible restaurant with terrible food. The other places that I have tried in this neighborhood have been great, but this place is simply awful in every way!	0
I don't know why people like this restaurant. Charging 50$ for a steak is simply ridiculous. Definitely not worth the money!!!	0
One of the worst restaurants in the city. I do not appreciate anything about this place: food, service, prices... Never again.	0
We went to this place yesterday. Our server was very impolite. It took him 15 minutes to even show up with a menu. When he did show up, he did not seem to care at all. I made sure he got the tip that he deserved.	0 
I did not expect to find a restaurant of this caliber in this neighborhood. The server went out of his way to cater to our every need and the food was really cooked to perfection. Try their pies!	1
I will never go back to this place ever again. Stay away!!	0
One of the best restaurants in the city. I liked everything about this place: food, service, prices... Everything!	1