Terrible service. The food was great, but it took the server almost 55 minutes to come and take our order. It would have taken longer if I hadn't gone to the hostess to let her know...because our server was MIA.	0
This review is about food only. The menu sounds exciting and whimsical but the food that comes out is nothing like what the menu describes. The "poutine with duck gravy" for example is not "poutine". I am from Canada and I know what poutine is. What they serve is what I would call "soggy French fry stew". The menu said it came with "duck gravy" but in fact u get an overwhelming amount of duck meat? The menu said nothing about duck meat? Also there was like 2 cheese curds. Definitely a miss on the food here. Whoever designed the menu made it sound great but the product does not compare. Hated the wings, hated the flatbread. I have come to the conclusion that I will come here for a beer only.	0
Over an hour for 2 burgers. Nope. Food coming out but no one noticed ours never coming. Had to beg someone to look into it. First and last time. Never got the food. Would leave 0 stars if possible.	0
The worst service I have ever had. Waited 1 hr to have coffee then had to chase to get food.	0
I'm a fish taco fanatic, used to backpack around Mexico quite a bit and it's one of my favorite foods, so I was thrilled to find this new spot around the corner from us with a $1 fish taco night. Went in with my girlfriend and my son, and before even being seated we started hearing rules about the drinks we had to order to qualify for $1 tacos. Never had instructions like this at a restaurant in decades of eating at every type of restaurant in NYC, and it really rubbed us the wrong way as the introduction to our first time at Coopers. Whatever. We sat and waited a long time for a waitress who begrudgingly came to our table after I waved for the 3rd or 4th time, and a good ten minutes passed and she gave us the same instructions about requirements for getting some tacos, before we even ordered. By this time we were about fed up with the wait, the instructions but we gave it one last shot, and I wanted to start with a coke, which I was told wasn't allowed. We said screw this and left for someplace that wanted our business. Really unpleasant experience whether we were buying $80 bottle of wine, or a $5 coke, I'd have fired the waitress if she worked for me... unless this is how the owners want their staff to behave.	0
I was very disappointed in this place. The service was poor and slow, the food came out cold, they forgot our drink order, and the pizza quality was below average. The only reason I'm giving a second star is the pasta was decent. There is a famiglia pizzeria close by that is a third of the cost and twice as good.	0
I made a reservation online based on the yelp reviews. As a reservationist at a very high demand and quality restaurant in the west village, I know that yelp reviews tend to reflect service rather than food quality and as I tend to receive bad service due to my race, age and apparent lack of money I go for good service over food quality because honestly being treated like a human being is more of a commodity than good food these days. Unfortunately, I received neither here.  We were sat at a clearly terrible section despite the restaurant being empty and we had a reservation for 7pm. We were sat In Front of the door. When I said, "this is fine" in a clearly disappointed tone the manager- who clearly had a problem with us from go- ignored it and let us sit anyway.  Our server was polite and seemed to make the effort but as we were sat in a section that seemed exclusively for people of "our kind " he kept forgetting about us. Due to the fact that he had an entire real section to service. During our 90 minutes In this restaurant- we left as soon as possible- not one single table was sat in our section, aka in front of the door in a spacious and empty restaurant.  My first drink, a double j&amp;b with one ice cube- I admit a little annoying but pretty straight forward- came back as a double Jim bean neat. I cant stand bourbon and it's just a bad mistake. After my first successful j&amp;b I thought the second would be easy peasy. Nope. He forgets my drink long enough for the single ice cube to melt and doesn't care to see how I like it cus he's off again with his real section of tables. The tables he assumes will tip better than us. Again based off only  I assume can be our race or attire.  When our entrees come and are fairly good although by no means extraordinary we immediately ask for the check. The whole night was pretty awful and we had such high hopes. Clearly this is a place for business lunches and expense dinners.  Despite everything, we leave a 25% tip and simply vow never to come back. There are too many good Italian restaurants in this city to get bad service at but at least good food.	0
Authentic bar with super laid back atmosphere. We visited this UES spot a weeknight drawn to the great reviews. When we came in the bar area was pretty packed &amp; tables just clearing.  We grab a little wood booth and sit... Unfortunately my hunny goes up to the bar &amp; brings a cocktail menu for me to see.  He orders our drinks &amp; the bar and brings them back.  Thank goodness I have a quality man otherwise I would have already left this do it yourself service. Mine is the mezcal lime drink... On first taste I think it tastes like a BBQ.  It takes me over 1 1/2 hours to drink my liquid bbq. We leave a drop even then!  Trust me I do not ever leave a drop of alcohol! If this place had 1 cocktail server or host they would greatly benefit.  This day &amp; age, customers come first in order to drive revenue.  I guarantee employing a host would even benefit- to share tips with guests "sit anywhere you would like, we are bar service only so feel free to come up &amp; order when you are ready". Until they take my suggestion, SIT AT THE BAR to enjoy customer service &amp; interaction.	0
Good atmosphere but bartenders less than friendly and didn't know how to make drinks. Cheap in drinks and trying to add ice so that they wouldn't make more drinks when they came up short. Won't be back here again	0
An incredible selection of beers and whiskeys, bourbons, ryes - everything liquid! I was not convinced by the food though!  Burgers were a bit too dry, shrimp sliders extremely dry (the shrimp was so deep fried there was hardly anything left that resembled a shrimp) and both batches of the IPA fries we got were a bit cold-greasy.  Old Rasputin Imperial Stout stood out with it's predictable good quality.   I will not order food again, but will definitely grab some drinks the next time in the neighborhood. (For the sweet-tooths, there's a Hungarian pastry shop on the corner!)	0
I really wanted to like this place, but I just don't think it's meant to be. The first time I came in here with my boyfriend during brunch hours and was very excited about the menu. We sat at a high top near the bar and the bartenders were in deep conversation for 5-10 minutes, no one even offered us a menu until I asked a patron at the bar if he was done with his. Another few minutes go by and no one has acknowledged us - so we got up and left. I tried it again with a friend after work one night, and unfortunately was disappointed again. We got a cocktail and ordered the shrimp po' boys and fried green tomatoes. I'm from the south and know how great these items should be. All of it sounded so delicious per the description from the menu, but once we got our food it was some of the most bland I have ever eaten. The chefs clearly did not understand what seasoning was. Obviously others have had better experiences, but with the multitude of places competing for my limited funds, I will be passing on this from now on.	0
Cute little bar on the UES.  The beer selection and ambiance is on point.  The food and staff could use some improvement - the staff was slow to take orders and had to be called over because they were busy chatting, our food took a while (on a non-crowded Monday night), and we had to get up to ask for utensils as well as napkins after we were finally served. I know they don't have table service, but come on... The food was average (and they make a better burger next door just sayin)	0
Very disappointing bar. I ordered a drink and after receiving it, one of the bartender's friends bumped me spilling half of the drink down my outfit. The bartender promised to take care of my half spilled drink but I was charged full price. I'm very upset with the service and the favoritism at this bar. Skip it and try somewhere down the street where you will get good service and respect.	0
Has to be one of my favorite places in the neighborhood to grab a beer. However, I'm giving a bad review in consideration of the places limited support for the World Cup. Who has televisions and has them on during each game, but refuses to turn on the sound because the owners are afraid it will "kill the mood." However, the sound is on during any of the US games; how patriotic...Sorry, but your lack of support for an event that only takes places 4 times a year (which also brings out the best of the city) deserves your bad review!	0
The place is tiny, you can barely squeeze through tables-kind of tiny.  Went there wanting to order something for take out, and the guy came from the kitchen saying they couldn't because they were getting "too busy", when half of the 12 chairs they have were actually empty.  Slackers.	0
I will be more specific in this review. Yelp previously removed one because I didn't make it clear I'd had a first-hand experience here, and that is understandable. I'm sure, however, this won't spare me from receiving harassing messages from Fidel, the owner. Too bad I blocked him! I called Busters to get a reservation and was advised I didn't really need one. I cited the Yelp reviews that indicated quite the opposite and the employee simply hung up the phone. Combine that with how Fidel treats poor reviews, and I won't be going in due to poor service before I even walk through the door. If you're just dying to eat here, follow the advice of others and make sure to get a reservation. Otherwise, I'd advise patronizing another establishment whose owner is grateful for your presence and patronage.	0
I will come back to eat here after the ownership changes. Ate here once with my great uncle. Really great food. Only downside: the owner/manager/server talked to us way too much, in a rather arrogant fashion. We wanted to eat our food and enjoy each others' company, not hear him boast about his restauranteur history. Well, we wanted to return. Unfortunately, they spent the month of August re-tooling, and kept inconvenient evening hours. Whatever. Come September, I called one Thursday afternoon at one p.m. to check their dinner hours. Open 'til nine, the voice said. "Do I need a reservation?" I asked. "For how many, at what time?" he said. "Three, at seven" said I. "No," said he. End of conversation. At seven o'clock we arrive. It's a small restaurant. Maybe 12 tables for two. A bunch are pushed together, clearly reserved for a large party. The aren't many unoccupied tables for two.  I'm greeted by the owner/manager/server, and I tell him I'd like a table for three. He says it'll be at least 45 minutes. I say, "oh, I called today and was told (etcetera)..." and he said, "what time did you call?" I said one o'clock. "There was no one here at one," he said. He smiles awkwardly, like I've made a mistake but he doesn't want to point it out. I do not appreciate this.  Then, to add annoyance upon annoyance, he says, "I can seat two of you in 25 minutes." As if one of our trio will happily fuck off and leave two of us to dine together. I pull out my phone and pull up the call registry. "Is this your phone number?" I ask, pointing to the call I made at 1:05, with a duration of a minute and seventeen seconds. "Yes," he says. "That's very strange," he continues. "It's just me and my partner who take calls. I don't know what happened." "How could you?" I said, you weren't here. "Someone obviously broke in to your restaurant and answered the phone, and gave out dinner advice." "I'm terribly sorry," he said. "I can seat you in 45 minutes." The jackass could not admit he was wrong, then he lied, and then he lied again to cover the lie. And despite all of that, had he said, "I'm sorry, but since you called we had two big parties make reservations," that would have been fine. Instead, he pretended I was in error, when all I did was follow his advice.	0
We got kicked out... Make sure you make reservations.  This was our first time going since we thought the reviews were pretty good.  We were a party of three that arrived around 7:15P.  With roughly only a handful of tables in this small restaurant, there was only one other table that was occupied.  We were pleasantly greeted by the waitress with an explanation of the restaurant and what their specials of the day were.  We were then given glasses of water, place settings and menus to look at.  However, after sitting there and chatting for about five-ten minutes, we were then asked by the waitress if we had made a reservation.  We said we didn't, and the waitress hesitated and went back to the kitchen.  She came back with whom I think was the owner and they asked us to leave! They tried to be polite and apologized and explained to us that because they are a small operation, they were all 'booked" for the night and they needed us to leave so that any of the arriving parties would have a table. I asked if this was a policy of theirs, and they never said "yes".  They only said that because they are small, people make reservations.  I recommended to them they should make that VERY CLEAR on their website--that reservations are highly recommended and that parties with reservations take priority over walk-ins NO MATTER WHAT. Despite the good reviews and the awesome pictures of their menu items, I will definitely not be going back.	0
Food is overrated. Yes its fresh but it takes too long for it to come out. The owner parades around the place with a foolish air to himself. Also its too cramped in there. Wasn't my choice to go here and will not go again. There are other "farm to table" restaurants in the city that are way better. This place seems like the hole in the wall "farm to table" restaurants.  If you have a party of 3 or more then forget about this place.	0
and now one of the people who works there (Fidel H.) responded to my review, saying: "the only thing weird is your outlook. if you are so damn stupid, it's not anyone fault, but your own. Do you think that because you can write something on yelp, we have to take it? Don't be such a fool and get a life."	0
Buster's is a whole in the wall. That's why when my friend and I walked in off the street for dinner, we were shocked when the cook peeked his head out from the curtained kitchen and yelled, "Do you have a reservation?". We said "No". He rolled his eyes, but didn't kick us out the door, so we asked if we could sit down. I could see that my friend was thinking the same thing I was. Why we would need a reservation? There was no line at the door and there were a couple of tables available. Oh well... not the best greeting, but we were excited about the prospect of discovering this inexpensive 5 star hole in the wall. We waited a few uncomfortable minutes before the waiter put a couple of menus on the table. I immediately thought of the Seinfeld "Soup Nazi" episode and hoped that the food was worth the humiliation. I'm sorry to report that it wasn't.  The woman at the table next to me was being served some delicious looking scallops over salad greens. I asked the waiter what this was because I didn't see it on the menu. I was told it was a special appetizer. Would have been nice to hear about the specials when he put the menus on the table. My friend and I ordered the scallop appetizer to share. We each ordered an entree. When our scallops finally arrived there were 2 scallops sitting on a bare plate with a little sauce. There was no salad and something much smaller sitting beside them. Was the cook was punishing us for expecting a table without a reservation? I asked the waiter what this small thing was. He told me that was another scallop. This was not another scallop. It was a very small piece that broke off of a larger scallop. Something so small and irregular that it was not recognizable as a scallop. He then explained to me that nature makes things in all different sizes and that I can't expect them to all be the same. Really? If it weren't for the fact that my friend is very shy, I would have sent the plate back. And I have to admit, at this point in time, we were taking those bad Yelp reviews very seriously. I was half afraid to send the plate back. What would they do to our dinner? Would we be asked to leave? Enough of the drama, right?? This was just the appetizer...  All things considered, the experience was not pleasurable. Our check was $55, $12 for the 2 scallops sitting on a bare plate. The food was decent. The service was uncomfortable and the decor/ ambiance was nonexistent. This was not, by any means, a 5 star experience. Maybe it's a good place to try for lunch.	0
I'm not sure when I became so popular, but one of the owners, Fidel, read my review and decided to lash out at me because I described spatinental as a weak term.  It's not as if I unfairly gave Buster's a baseless and harmful one-star review. Three stars is average and I based my review on the food, not the tagline. If he has an issue with my characterization of his tagline, he could have approached it by asking why I thought it was a weak marketing term as opposed to trying to give me grief because I authored a less-than-stellar review.  For what it's worth, I think heart-healthy or pure would work better. I'm lowering my review to one star, which I think is justified based on his message. Poor form, sir. If you Yelp Buster's be prepared to like it... or else! Here's the message: "A weak term" Is that necessary? Are you relevant now, because you posted some snide remarks about a restaurant? You had a sandwich which is there for simple folks, obviously like yourself. WTF, do you expect a turkey and brie to taste like  .... a ham sandwich?	0
For reasons beyond my control, I was unable to make a reservation that I had made with this restaurant for 4 guests. I was called several times by the owner that night, but was unable to pick up and did not see the calls until the following day. Days later, the owner left me a long and angry message, lambasting me for "screwing him" and personally attacking me, calling me "at best, childish" and "immature" for missing my reservation. I have never dined here before and had no previous contact with the owner.  Contacting a customer days later on their personal cell phone is completely inappropriate and a flagrant misuse of the contact information I gave to the restaurant (solely in connection with making the reservation).  In his message, the owner further suggested that "there were lots of mean things he could do with my personal cell phone number," but wouldn't because he was "not that type of guy." This threatening behavior is completely unprofessional. I would be scared to ever set foot in this restaurant or ever contact this restaurant again for fear that my contact information would be grossly misappropriated.  Absolutely outrageous.	0
I'm not saying this place is a cover for a money laundering operation or that the owner/manager is just a racist homophobe, but when you drop by a half empty restaurant at 8:50 and are turned away because the kitchen closes at 9 pm - that's 9 pm not 8:50 pm - you have to wonder WTF?  We knew we wanted the special, as written on the board STILL on the sidewalk at 8:50 - take in your sign if you're closed Buster - so we were ready to order right away and not after 9pm.  I've read the good reviews but since we received horrendously rude service without even being seated I have to give it 1 star and say, "No thanks, Buster".  We went around the corner to Buca and had a great meal, great service, and we sat there as long as we wanted without being told the kitchen was closing.	0
The food was good but the service was abysmally slow. We had one entree each, one glass of wine each, shared a desert, and the total time our meal took was close to TWO HOURS. We sat for a good 20 minutes before even being asked if we'd like to order a glass of wine. They were busy, and there were only two waitresses on staff it seemed for the whole dining room (and one of them was also hostessing). Meanwhile a guy behind the bar, who I assume was the manager, just stood there watching them. Helpful guy! They also sat us at a very small table they'd clearly brought in from the patio, the only one of its kind in the room, and they kept apologizing to us for that. But they didn't offer to move us even when other tables opened up right next to us. This wouldn't have really registered with us except for the fact that they kept apologizing. If you're so sorry, move us! We'll move! We're sitting where you told us to sit! Honestly the food and wine were really great so we would have probably lingered and had a few glasses, but the seating was so odd and the service so frustratingly slow we made a point to get out of there as fast as we could.	0
Food was pretty good, nothing exceptional.  The service was slow and not very attentive.  When we arrived for dinner, we were the only patrons in the place. My glass of wine sat on the bar for 5-10 minutes before we pointed it out to him, and he finally brought it to me.  My second glass of wine went much the same way- i ordered it, then had to remind the waiter of my order the next time he came to the table.   The food was OK.  When it cam time for the bill, we could not get the attention of our server. Asked 3 different servers to bring the bill.  When they finally brought it, we promptly gave them our cards...and proceeded to wait for for 30 minutes for them to run the bill.  The waiters were running around serving everyone else in the room that had arrived after us.   Maybe they were short staffed- but their inability do their job promptly caused my friend to be late for work.  Mind you, we started this dinner early enough to get him to work on time. Had the bill been taken care of in a timely fashion he would have been fine.  I was extremely disappointed in this selection since all the other Yelp reviews were so positive.  Maybe we caught them on a bad day- but the mediocre food and terrible service is enough to convince us not to return.	0
I was very upset with how my group was treated at this place. We had a reservation at 8.30pm and still had no table at 10pm. It was clearly mismanaged on their part and they would not even offer us a drink or anything to make up for the wait. Instead, the staff was rude and gave us unrealistic estimates about when a table would become available, so that we ended up waiting although this whole time we could have gone to another place.  Also, the restaurant is understaffed, there was only one waitress on a Saturday night who could barely cope. This place should really step up the game in service if it wants to survive in NYC.	0
Worst service I have ever experienced in NYC...and that says a lot since I have experienced pretty bad places.  I was really looking forward to my dinner here and the ambiance is cozy and great for a small group or date.  Unfortunately I made a reservation and they never even sat us so we ended up eating at the bar.  Not the end of the world but not ideal.  The bartender, who might have never served a table in his life, never asked us what we wanted so we constantly had to grab his attention for even a drink or to clean off the plates that were there before us.  Then he brought out my pasta entree but not my date's steak entree.  We asked about his steak and they said they thought we were sharing.  Since I don't eat meat I waited until they brought his meat out so we could eat together.  After about a 20 minute wait there was barely an apology or even a "can I reheat your pasta" offer.  My pasta was not warm anymore and the servers acted like it was our fault that we didn't make it clear that both entrees should have been presented together.  Not only did the bartender and other servers in the restaurant not offer comp to the bill in any way but they didn't even say sorry.  It even took forever to get the check since the bartender cared more about cleaning glasses than checking in on his guests.  A women server randomly came behind the bar for something and noticed we were waiting and offered to help.  The service was rude and unavailable and they were all obviously fighting with one another near the registers.  Overall a frustrating dining experience that compelled me to write this review which I never do!	0
This is the worst restaurant I have been to in NYC and I have lived in the City for 10 years. We had booked a table and had to wait for 1h, and at the end did not get served (the waitress "forgot" to tell us there was already 2 other tables waiting to be seated before us). Food looked barely okay, and we didn't feel very secure about the hygiene of the kitchen and the bar, which we had time to observe during our 1 hour wait. RUN AWAY....	0
My fiancé and I usually go to Malatesta (west village)  when we are in the mood for delicious Italian and something romantic. For this Valentine's Day I figured we will try something new. So I decided to take him out to Primo 135. Our reservations were for 7:00pm and arrived there about 5 minutes early. We were soon seated and realized although it is a small and cozy restaurant there was only 1 server that night....20 minutes into our dinner the restaurant starts to get more and more packed. Assuming it was all of the 7:30 and after reservations. Our food took a good amount of time to come out. I ordered the filet mignon and my fiancé ordered the spaghetti with proscuitto. After our dinner was placed on the table, we didn't have  one single person to check if we needed anything else. The poor waitress was so busy that when she came back to pick up the check she didn't remember us getting our main course. She was clearly swamped and the restaurant did not prepare for it. It gets better...We still have a half a glass full of wine, didn't order anything from the desert menu and suddenly she asks/tells us to move to the bar!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was mortified. Hey I get it, there were plenty of other people who needed to be seated but you NEVER NEVER tell patrons to get up from their table unless they have been informed prior to making the reservation. I WILL NOT GO BACK, POOR SERVICE, AND UNDER STAFFED. If you want good Italian food, you go  to MALATESTA.	0
Terrible dining experience. Squid ink spaghetti was cooked horribly and consistently: 5 of us ordered the same thing and equally sucked. When it comes to the check, took them more than half an hour to figure out the 7-ppl dinner, in the end they still got it wrong, charging 35 more than agreed, luckily we found out. Not coming here ever again.	0
I think most of the reviews on this new restaurant are fake.  Why do new places feel the need to do so?  I had high hopes as this is right next to my apartment and I watched them build out the space.  Shared two dishes and neither was very good.  First, the squid ink pasta with fresh clams.  Pasta was nice but the clams had a bitter and unattractive taste to them.  Second, the Mama Mia pizza that some other reviewers raved about.  The dough is not good - way too chewy.  Over server was over eager and aggressive.  I'm willing to come back to try something else on the menu as it is close and the wine list was interesting.	0
I would have rated it at 0 star if that's an option here. The dining experience was horrible. Squid ink spaghetti was a mess especially the spaghetti part. It took them more than 30 mins - long enough to put in a thesis-like review on yelp -  to figure out how to split the check between us seven and they still overcharged us. That made some of us miss the following appointment. Won't come again.	0
We had a very strange experience. The food was good so no complaints there but the service and overall pacing was bad. The four of us were seated promptly at our reservation but then sat at the table with no menus and no greeting from the waiter for about 15 minutes. I finally asked our busboy for menus and he brought them, but it was still another 10 minutes before our waiter came by. We ordered a bottle of wine and then waited 10-15 minutes for that to come. Our waiter then explained the specials but as we had been waiting for quite a while already, we were ready to order. Our food then came out 3-5 minutes later, so so fast making me wonder how they cooked it and plated it in that time. Once we finished our food, we waited with empty plates for 10-15 more minutes until we stacked them ourselves and someone came to clear them. The weirdest part of this whole thing? Our waiter had an obviously fake Italian accent. There was no need for that at all! We got the check and got out of there.	0
The portions for things like pasta or salad are very small. Just a few bites and the plate is empty. For those people who say this is the best Italian in NY, they haven't been to many. I have had better Italian food than this many times.	0
I am perplexed by the rave reviews of this place.  On the plus side, the service is excellent and everyone is super nice and polite.  The space is nice, not too cramped and not too loud.  Since it's new, it was easy to get a table, and they seated us promptly. However, unfortunately the food is just so-so, and doesn't warrant the prices they charge.  Starting from the top: I am doing a dry January so I asked for a non-alcoholic drink.  Masseria's bar has just the most basic mixers -- grocery store sodas, seltzer, etc.  This basic approach to food and drink was evident throughout our meal. I had a salad starter -- their signature salad Masseria.  It was not horrible just tasteless, with a gross roasted red pepper draped across the top. For an entree, I had salmon, which was also tasteless, with grilled zucchini in a strange but very heavy cream sauce (why would you do that to zucchini???), and mashed potatoes with so much butter and cream as to be virtually inedible. If I had to summarize the food, it's striving to be a notch up from your standard southern Italian fare, but not quite there.  Heavy, but with the flavor stripped out, and some strange choices.  The one food bright spot was the dessert - tiramisu, done the way tiramisu should be done, and therefore, delicious.  Also, extremely generous portion (two of us could not finish it). They also have a very nice bread basket with lots of starchy stuff for breadaholics like me.  I know this place is new so I hope they are able to iron out the kinks...	0
This place is absolutely outrageous. I have never encountered such rude service. Walked in, encountered the guy at the bar who won't even let me touch the bar (literally) and order a cocktail because it was reserved (it had at least 5 empty seats at the time), and not only that but he ordered me to sit by the door and wait. I guess I am never coming back here again. Take care, my friends.	0
I was able to arrive early enough for a seat last week, which was nice as it's usually too late to get one by the time I am off of work.  The food was delish, had the small size mac and cheese.  The wine selection was good.  A friend met me there and we were happily enjoying ourselves at the bar, and he ate dinner as well.   Unfortunately what ruined it was the owner plopping down the bill down in front of us without so much as "would you like anything else?" question.  A bit rude tbh.  We had been planning on more wine and possibly something else to eat, but were not given the chance.   Whilst food and bev are good, I will be passing on this place in the future.  Life is too short and there are far too many restaurants in the city that know how to treat customers. We went to a place up the road after and sat and chatted without anyone showing us the door.  Much nicer that way.	0
This is one of those Yelp anomalies where I have no idea what most of these reviews are talking about. The place is pleasant enough, if you can get a seat. Wine/beer list is quite good. But the food? We had shrimp tacos which were bland, greasy without being deliciously greasy, and the shrimp had a vague freezer burn taste. Yet the reviews give this dish raves. What is everyone talking about??  We had the buffalo mozzerella/tomato salad. It was covered in an overly sweet balsamic dressing, which reminded me of the kind of salad dressing you get on an airliner. The mozzerella was cold, out of the fridge so it was a bit hard, not tender like one would expect fresh cheese to in this format. The tomatoes were tasteless, but that often happens.   We then had the shrimp salad, which I would have avoided if I had tasted the tacos before ordering. The salad was just standard mixed greens, supermarket style. The shrimp was dry, barely seasoned, and had that same freezer burn flavor.  I did noticed that many patrons were having burgers and mac &amp; cheese. Maybe we ordered the wrong things?  Dessert was much better, the date pudding, which is a leftover from Etas Unis, a much more intruiging neighborhood restaurant that closed a few years ago. It seems some of the staff used to work there and brought over the recipe. They should have taken more from that restaurant. However at $14, the date pudding is not really worth the 25 minute wait it takes to get one.  Ultimately this restaurant is just average, not inventive or adventurous in any way, and certainly not worth waiting for. The food is simply not memorable. Clearly, I'm in the minority on this opinion, as the place is always packed. But hey, so are a lot of places.	0
Absolutely terrible service. We stopped in and the host said he'd call us when they have a table. He called me 20 minutes later to say they had a table. When they gave it to someone else, he tried to tell me that I didn't pick up. Showed him on my phone that I picked up. He shrugged. Don't come here if you actually want to eat. Update: So the food was great, but when you fuck up that bad and don't offer anything in return you've got to have a huge stick up your butt. Not expecting 5 star service, but they could do infinitely better.	0
Pros: Personalized attention Eclectic &amp; Daily Food Menu Beer &amp; Wine selection  Cons: Average food  Cramped spaces (not uncommon in Manhattan, but I'd only do it for better food) Inconsistent experience (from really loud groups to super crowded evenings) I've been here twice and the food was average. I've had the hommos, bruschetta and chocolate molten cake on multiple occasions, there's just nothing to ride home about. The beer and wine selection is definitely a strong point.	0
I have lived in the neighborhood for 5 years and just got around to visiting with a friend last night.  What a strange, awful, confusing experience it was! I arrived and grabbed one of the small tables for my friend and I. Once she arrived, we ordered a bottle of wine and were asked if we were ready to order.  We weren't.  I noted to the waitress that we would order in a bit, but she repeatedly came over and asked if we were ready to order.  The vibe was definitely that we were being rushed, which is odd since there is a rack of boardgames stacked against the wall.  it's clearly not meant to be McDonalds, so I don't understand the rush to order and get out of a restaurant that also provides you with boardgames.... After the 4th attempt by the waitress to take our order, we asked for 2 appetizers.  One of the appetizers we received was the incorrect order.  No big deal as far as I'm concerned, but a mistake nonetheless. The waitress, and now Heidi (the crazy owner who had just arrived), repeatedly tried to remove a plate from the table which STILL had food on it.  Three separate times I asked for them to leave the plate, until Heidi took it upon herself to just clear it from the table without a word.  Again, why are paying customers being rushed out of a wine bar as if we're dining at a fast food restaurant? Next time Heidi came through, I requested a refill on our water.  She replied with an overly  loud and sarcastic "WHAT DID YOU ASK ME FOR?", to which i replied "water please"  She came back over and kept asking if there was a problem.  We told her there was no problem, and she became increasingly irritated and passive aggressive towards us. Finally, when we received our bill, she said that she didn't understand what our problem was.  At this point, she's speaking VERY LOUDLY and the entire restaurant is now quiet watching her interact with us. Again, I replied that there was no problem and she said "no I'm pretty sure you have a problem" to me.  Now at this point, I just lost my patience with feeling like a criminal at this lame wine bar for no reason!   My response was to let her know that we were rushed to order our food, received the wrong order (and I also indicated this was not a big deal, mistakes are made), our plate was taken away before we were finished with it, and that she was rude when we asked for more water and that she was being rude at that very moment by singling us out and berating us in front of the entire restaurant.  She countered with a very loud, passive aggressive, fake apology.  We just wanted to LEAVE at this point, of course.  I said, "fine no problem" and then she let out a "wow" and shook her head to the people at the bar.  ARE YOU SERIOUS, HEIDI???! this is how you treat a paying customer?!  I can't believe this woman runs a business.   Wait, there's more.... she followed us outside of the restaurant and as we were halfway down the block told us not to come back. Don't worry Heidi, I won't ever return.  And I'll be sure to tell everyone I know who lives in the neighborhood how TERRIBLE AND AWFUL your restaurant is.	0
My friends seem to love the novelty of this place so I don't know what I'm missing but for me, the space is too small to be considered intimate and cosy as it feels more cramped and invasive and the menu is too limited and over priced. I also dislike the way you essentially knock into every other patron if you take a trip to the wash room. None the less, they have a decent wine menu and if you like of novelty of feeling like you're sitting in someone's living room, it would be worth trying it out.	0
You people are all cray-cray!  Are we drinking the same wine?  No, I know we are not, because y'all are drinking the crazy wine, which, yes, of course, they do sell on the Upper East Side.  The wine they serve here is NOT good.  And it's cheap (for them, not you).  Since I've gotten my new sexy phone, I have an annoying habit of looking up wines to find the price per bottle to see just how ridiculous the markup is.  For real, I try not to think about it and just order a nice glass of wine and enjoy it, but after several cloyingly BAD glasses of wine (different ones) here, I had to know.  I couldn't help it.  And lo and behold, most of the bottles hover around $9.  That's LESS than the price of one glass - which at Heidi's are upwards of $12.  Redonk. And YES, the food takes FOREVER.  They don't warn you about it.  But if you complain, they side-eye you and are like, "It's food, it takes time to cook."  And then you're like, "I know you think you can fool me because my oven is where I keep my shoes, but does it really take an hour?!" And they're like, "In our kitchen it does, because we are cheap and we have ONE person doing the cooking and the cleaning and the candlestick making!"  Sometimes it's worth it (the date pudding is AMAZING) and sometimes it's not (the guacamole with triscuits, the mac 'n cheese).   Also, not a fan of Ms. Heidi herself.  One time, my buddy and I were at the bar, testing out our smarts with Trivial Pursuit (just the cards, not the board; we brought our own, but they have a bunch of games at the front) and she basically demanded we ask her stuff.  We did, she knew all the answers.  So, fine, we get it - she's smart.  But come on, nobody likes a showoff.  Also, it seems she likes to be all flibbertigibbet and talk about how fabulous she is with all the customers...while her husband does all the work.  That's just mean. The space is so cute though, everyone is right about that.  Tucked on a side street and impossibly tiny, it's cozy and romantic and would be perfect for a date...if only everything else didn't suck so much.	0
Food is good but service is super awful. It took an hour and 10 minutes to bring out 2 dishes. The owner was drunk and didn't seam to care when you ask her about food delay!!! It's a spooky little whole in the wall!! May be order out dinner but order at lunch time!! It may be ready by then	0
My boyfriend James (not his real name) and I went to Heidi's House over the weekend, expecting a sensational meal based on the rave reviews at this charming neighborhood spot. Its sidewalk chalkboard menu and glittering red window lights reel you in from across the street, and we were like hungry fish to plump worms on a fishing rod. We ordered in our usual fashion: James ordered the lighter healthier omega 3 stuff (seafood), while my meat-eating-medium-rare self opted for my norm (hangar steak). Over beer and Montepulciano, we laughed and smiled and chatted easily as if we were on a promising third date (although we recently celebrated our first year anniversary) while waiting for our appetizers. The shrimp tacos delivered well: spicy with cilantro and a squeeze of lime. Then arrived our entrees, and our hearts sank with each bite. James' paella was stir-fried rice with soy sauce, seafood, and dried out chorizo. As any ninny who doesn't even know their spaghetti squash from spaghetti knows, a real traditional paella has at minimum two things: sofrito and saffron. And love. Lots of love. This "paella" didn't. As for my main course, I had a huge beef with my beef (overlooking the fact that I got rib eye steak). It was both overcooked and flavorless and yes, the freshly grated horseradish root on top helped a bit, but it didn't replace what a few pinches of salt and a couple grinds of pepper could. We walked home, hand in hand, a happy twosome, but not with happy stomachs.	0
I've been here four times, and have referred it to other people. I've had their spaghetti special and date pudding. They were both delicious. The last time I was there, my friend and I had had dinner somewhere else and stopped by for a drink and dessert. The owner had reserved a table for us because I had called earlier to put my name down. We were there nearly an hour when a couple came in, waiting to be seated. Soon after, the waiter tried to clear our table before we were done, and then about 10 minutes after that, the bartender came to our table and gave us the bill before I was done with my wine. He also told us that if we only want dessert next time, it has to be after 10pm. I'm not sure if that's because we were at one of the four or five tables in the place and/or because I had called in advance for a spot. Either way, that's not cool. I understand it's a small place, but if that's a rule, you should say that when a person asks to be put on the waiting list. You shouldn't describe your place as a neighborhood bar if it's more important to turn over than to let your regulars enjoy a drink and good conversation.	0
No, no, no.  Don't bother to go.  This place has gotten a lot of press but based on my one visit today with a guest - I am not going back for a second try. So we go in today, just before Noon.  We were seated and given drinks menus.  Almost immediately we were greeted by a server (with trainee in tow) who told us about the three option menu (we knew that already). And asked if we wanted anything from the drinks menu - which we had ZERO chance to read.  Draft beer selection was extremely limited - ONE house brew?  But what annoyed me most was that we had no time to settle in and look at the menu. Seldom do I mention plating in a restaurant.  Here they use an over-sized metal platter with a paper cover, upon which sits your entree.  Fries and salads are in small bowls on the same platter.  Fries were good McDonalds variety with way too much salt.  Salad was rather nice.  But why not two bowls for the sides and a smaller plate for the entree?  It annoyed me. Food - my burger was properly cooked to medium rare.  Decent bun.  I was OK with it.  My guest had the whole lobster.  Did NOT like the lemon butter which was way too thin and way too garlicy.   Tail was overcooked but the claws were fine.  They provide a small lobster cracker which was useless. The lobster was mostly deconstructed in the kitchen so this was not all that bad. Our waitress essentially disappeared for the rest of our meal - despite working a table next to us.  I had to flag down the trainee to clear my plate.   Usually I would give a place like this a cheap three stars based on only one visit.  But everything was just a little off.  Not off by a lot but just enough for me to notice.  I thought that our waitress had a lot to learn and was not in a position to train anyone. Decor is nice, I liked the hanging lobster pots. Plenty of room between tables.  Music was something pop and loud.  Prices are reasonable.	0
My family and I were excited to refuel and recharge at this unique simple dining establishment. However, we were sorely disappointed. While the food was adequate--truly nothing special--the service was lackluster. This dining experience wasn't even a step above a college cafeteria pass by; I would not recommend it and will not come back.  Too many other choices.	0
Food was good and an interesting concept, but that was the worst service I have suffered through since moving here 7 months ago. 10 minutes to order, 15 minutes to get drinks, food was quick, waiter never came back to ask if we needed anything, and then 15 minutes to get check after asking. Service ruined what could have been a great meal.	0
Opening night shenanigans. Confused waitstaff. Our waitress came over after 15 mins and asked "what's up?". Really? The menu is a lobster, lobster roll and burger. Was hoping for at least a "sorry nothing vegetarian" but just got a "nope" when asked for something for my wife.  Lots of kinks to work out but hopefully will mature well.... Sigh. Would be nice if they'd consider a portobello burger so I could get my lobster on.	0
For a place that only has three things on the menu, I was disappointed when we got there, sat down and had ordered drinks, that our waitress proceeded to tell us that there were no more burgers or lobster rolls. I wanted the lobster roll, and my GF wanted the burger. Ended up getting the lobster which was pretty good, but I was disappointed and frustrated with the lack of communication, and felt like an idiot because my GF doesn't like lobster, but she insisted on us staying. Dont think I'll be back	0
wanted to like this place, brought a group of friends. Food: the lobster looked a lil funky, it wasn't Maine lobster, it was from Canada I think. It tasted a lil funky as well, i thought it was a great deal, big lobster w/fries for $20 but i actually felt pretty sick about an hour after I ate and had the runs. They gave me a red gimmick lobster cracker but it didn't work so i couldn't get the meat out of the claws, very annoying. They took it back to crack it for me but still didn't do it right so I lost about 20% of the meat.  Decor;  cool looking place, kind of too open &amp; light and not that warm.  Service: waitress tried jamming the check down our throats 2 or 3 times, was very uncomfortable, we had just ordered more drinks.  lobster rolls looked ok, burger was too expensive.  Overall, i found they did none of the items very well.  I don't think i would go back unless I thought something changed about the quality of lobster and the service. I don't think this place will make it unless they change their ways.	0
Overall rating is a 2 because service was so bad if I was just rating food Id give it 3.5  First the receptionist through email was great. Was quick to respond and accommodating as were the hostesses. Had a 9:30 reservation and arrived around 9:20 so we waited at the bar. Ordered 2 glasses of champagne which they didn't have so the Bartendar offered perseco to which I said perfect. Few minutes later he returned informing me they were out so I asked for Lambrusco which they also didn't offer. He offered me something similar to champagne I said perfect he returned with only 1 glass and said they just ran out. So we got wine.  Sat 20 min late which I was fine with understanding its a new restaurant.  The waiter offered us their signature appetizer which everyone seemed to be eating. We also ordered a second course a salad and a pasta and I informed him I want my pasta with his salad. He said ok and we also ordered entrees. "Signature" appetizer arrived and it was good - very good. Not signature worthy.  When we finished that the salad arrived but not my pasta. I called over the waiter and he went to check on it 20 min later he came back saying fresh pasta cooks slower that's what's taking so long and that's the last I saw him all Night until he delivered the check.  25 min later our 2 entrees came along with the pasta. I informed the runner I didn't want it with an explanation he was very nice and said we should keep it and he will take it off the check. Entrees were very good. Chicken was great. Swordfish was ok. Blue crab pasta was the best thing we had there.  After dinner waiter finally came back offered us dessert and never apologized for any of the mistakes. Didn't have dessert and left.  I know it's new. Food was good. Great location and scene they just need to step up there game with the wait staff and stock the bar	0
So today I thought I'd try out the new restaurant that opened across the street (from the apartment that I've lived in for 17 years)  The welcome I expected to was "oh hey, welcome to Santina. Instead I got a perky " we Are trying to Close up.  Maybe I can serve you 1 drink but only if you hurry". She was cute, blonde and sadly thought that was hospitality"  So here I am at Bubby's enjoying a real neighborhood bar/restaurant where the owner jumped behindthe grill during the blizzard. You guys remember when I dissed Corsino right?  So sad.  Santina. Bye bye #santina  #solomgsantina. #Igiveyou5months #longsummer	0
2 stars because of the great location and because I have respect for the restaurant group.  It was way too loud in there and we had extremely bad service. I'm not sure why they are playing Spanish music at an Italian restaurant, I'm not sure I understood their entire concept. The drinks were all pretty good (I tried two different cocktails and wines) but the food just didn't justify a second visit. Way too "acid" and spicy, but in a wrong way spicy. We started off with the two cecinas: Lamb and Tuna and with all the marination and sauce you weren't even able to taste the difference between both of them. The octopus skewer is a joke for $15. I counted 3(!!!!) tiny pieces of octopus along with pickled vegetables (eggplant, onion and red pepper) but it was way too acid. I love pickles but not with octopus and sweet sauce. We also had the artichokes and penne alla Norma. Here again, the food was bland not memorable.   The way they bring the dishes is not personal. I had a question about one of our dishes and the busser didn't know what is inside my dish.  I would probably only go back for drinks but there are probably better places in Meatpacking for that. Maybe I should give them another chance but in NY that has so many new places to offer its hard to justify a second visit if you have had a bad experience like me. I would rather tell you to go to their other location Dirty French.	0
My friends and I had a lovely time at Santina. The food is absolutely delicious, the place is beautiful very well decorated and great service. The only "not good thing" about Santina is that their menus don't have any food description, so you gotta keep on asking your server back to back questions which kinda sucks!!!	0
Save your time	0
The hostess was blatantly rude and once we were seated, they took our request for flat water to mean $16 worth of BOTTLED flat water (for two people), which we found out when the bill came. Food was perfectly good (arugula fig salad and rigatoni norma) and our server was lovely, but I will not be returning. Too many good restaurants in the city that also have nice front-of-house staff and don't gouge you on water of all things. Also, they don't bring bread, as another reviewer noted, and would apparently charge for it. They have a few kinks to work out before they'll be a go-to spot.	0
went for a dinner with 2 gal friends, and we order 3 appetizers, 5 entrees, and 3 desserts. the food was good and the price is right, but nothing great.  the pasta was way overcooked in all of our dishes, though the seafood was absolutely delicious; the sauce/condiments were 'meh'. didn't care for the blue crab pasta; the rigatoni norma was not special which i can get at any other place (the rigatoni was overcooked).  best for me were the artichoke appetizer, the branzino crudo (but could've been sliced a bit thinner), the lobster, and the meringue.  i was the only one who ordered espresso, yet it was "adamantly" given to my friend at service when she has explicitly expressed it was for me, they did not care to listen.  an end that killed it for me.  seems like the restaurant has yet to develop a true persona - crowd is a mix, the ambiance can use some work; the spacing of tables was inconvenient.  it's worth experiencing once, if you are truly curious. 2 of the 3 of us gals thought it was just okay; the other 1 really likes it.	0
Let me start with the positive: the space is really pretty. It's a very nice decor.  Aside from this, I did not like the place and won't be returning. I feel like with the decor and location the place should have a sexy feel to it.  It's not sexy at all, it reminded me more of Rosa Mexicana.  I think they need to change the servers uniforms. The servers were also kind of quirky. So I don't think the servers matched the location or decor of the place. The menu contains all unfamiliar dishes. There should be descriptions of the dish under each item. It was not self explanatory so you pretty much have to ask your server what each item was which was kind of annoying. My server was very nice but when I asked him about the tricolor salad he described it as greens with olives.  My friend has asked him too and he gave the same description. He left out that raw tuna comes on top of it. It tasted fine but that's an important part of the salad so shouldn't be left out. I ordered the purgy which is a fish and it was just bad, like Hudson River bad. It was so salted. I had to send it back. The chicken was ok. We asked for some bread and the waiter asked us what course should he serve it with. I said you know some bread to start. He said he would have to charge us for it. Cmon, these guys own a chain of successful restaurants they can afford the free bread. Every restaurant unless asian should serve a good bread basket period!  Also,  there should be a coat check. We live in NYC.  They have a hooks in the back where you can hang your coat but I don't feel comfortable leaving my coat unattended.  Aside from the space, the whole experience was disappointing. Oh and It wasn't that busy either so not sure why people can't get reservations.	0
Highlight- The young black hostess was a plus for her customer service.  Another positive mention for service is a guy who was attentive, engaging, and who seemed like a knowledgeable person or someone in charge.  I think his name is Deepak.  Unfortunately, these two could do nothing to improve the one star rating. The first time I went, on a Sunday, it was not packed. The white hostess with short brown hair diverted me to the bar immediately since I was alone.  I pushed back, but she insisted, saying that's how they seat.  After I sat at the bar, she comes by to help out the wait staff and takes my order.  They are out of the shrimp and grits.  She did nothing to sell another dish, or encourage me to stay, and seemed to find it amusing.  I left.   Two weeks later: Because of the dearth of similar level restaurants in the area, I came back.  This time on a Saturday with a determination to "will" a positive experience.  The hostess (young black woman) asks how many, (solo again), and offers the bar as an OPTION.  I let her know, I am happy to wait for a table.  I go to the bar for a cup of coffee while I wait.  The bartender, a woman of Asian descent, acknowledges me with a look of irritation on her face but never says anything to me or asks me what I wanted to drink.  I wait patiently for a long time, then Deepak comes over and takes my cappuccino order.  I let the hostess know that I'm going to take my meal at the bar after all.  The two couples on each side of me made it cozy.   I put in my food order, again with Deepak because bartender kept ignoring me.  I got the shrimp and grits.  Presentation was excellent.  It was cooked well.  It was one flavor too much with the watery honey chipotle sauce which took away from perfectly cooked eggs and chopped bacon, with tons of scallions and cheese on the hearty grits.  It was however, delicious and filling.  The drink, Michelada, was ok but I would not order again.  Think Bloody Mary with no "body" then add beer. *Note about food:  I had a direct view of the kitchen.  As I watched many dishes prepared, the amount of salt used was sobering.   Here's the 1 star rating:  The couple next to me were upset (and said so to me) because the waitress (mentioned in another post --white with thick rimmed glasses), handed them their check without asking them if they wanted their check.  It was seconds after they finished their meal!  Zero time to digest, see if you want a coffee or a drink, etc.  They were very offended. The bartender was horrendous and clueless.  I asked Deepak for the rest of my cappuccino to go, then she (Asian bartender) took over.  I could swear I saw my mug on the bar and it never moved.  I was about to say something but she turned to me and gave me a to-go coffee cup.  For some insane reason, I thought maybe she gave me a fresh cup, feeling benevolent and guilty for her poor service.   When I sipped once I got outside, I instantly spit it out.  She had given me someone else's to-go coffee: lukewarm at best, watery (probably her lame pour over), and (in my germophobe freak mind) full of bacteria laden backwash! That did it.  I tried with them.  Totally agree with other posts about service.  Clueless staff has attitude and are too busy multitasking instead of providing good customer service. I will not recommend or go back.	0
It was the worst experience I've ever had in New York! The food was normal, but their service attitude was BAD! The waitress rushed to clean our table when we were still eating, and she even didn't ask whether we need those meals. During the time less than one hour, I just felt they didn't welcome customers.	0
I came here for brunch recently and the food was okay. For it's location, it probably has one of the better brunches, but the food is very standard and doesn't really have anything special to it. I had the Black Forest Ham Eggs Benedict which comes on top of focaccia bread. It was good, but nothing unique that makes me want to come back.  Minus a star for the waiter with the attitude problem. Our waiter incessantly bumped into my chair every single time he reached for the coffee behind us. Annoying and rude.	0
Worst place ever. The manager is an incompetent pompous individual who treats customers like dirt. I have never had a more infuriating experience at a restaurant in my life. I can't wait for flat top to go out of business. That manager brings Shame to the whole neighborhood. If I could I would rate it 0	0
I was really excited to try this restaurant, based on all the hype and positive reviews. The energy, vibe, decor and general atmosphere is absolutely 5-stars. However the food was so disappointing, so I write this short review, only to help constructively criticize and gain improvement.  On Easter Sunday, I ordered the Egg White Spinach Omelette, my friend had general Eggs and my husband had the Frittata. None of us finished our dishes - they were so bland, it was almost disgusting to eat. Hell, even I could make something taste better than that, and I'm no cook! They needed to add not only salt, but additional flavors to bring the dish to live. Please, please do something about these dishes Flat Top! Note that the cheesy biscuit before the meal is phenomenal. If they could infuse that richness into all of the other dishes, this place would be incredible. I agree with Lizzie C. that the strawberry fizz was good, but forgettable. Coffee was rich and strong - excellent. Also, our waiter was an older gentleman, who rudely counted his tip at our table before he walked away, and spoke down to us as we looked young, I'm sure. Just a note on tact that could be improved.	0
I have no idea how this place has a 4 star rating. I've eaten here twice - once for dinner and again for brunch. I must say, my biggest issue with Flat Top is their price point. It's pretty pricy for what you actually get. There's definitely a disconnect here. I'm willing to pay more for a good meal, but not when I feel like I'm not getting my money's worth. Dinner was good, but we could've easily gotten a much better meal at this price point somewhere else. I decided to give them another go with brunch and left even more annoyed. I ordered the frittata and a sad, lonely frittata is what I got. For $12, it did not come with a side salad or home fries, no side anything. Fine. I ordered a side of home fries thinking we'd share between the two of us, but wroooong. It was the tiniest serving of home fries I've ever seen at any brunch establishment. So not worth it. There are so many other great brunch places with better food and larger portions at better prices. Don't charge me 12 bucks for something that should be under 10, especially if you're going to skimp on the dish. Geez. Never in my life have I gone to brunch and only received eggs on my plate without some sort of side. Needless to say, we left annoyed and still a bit hungry. It's a real shame because I was very much looking forward to a good restaurant in the neighborhood and all about supporting local, small businesses. I live a few blocks away, so thought this could be a place we regularly visit. Instead, I avoid it like the plague based on principle. I refuse to give them my money, but from the look of things, other people don't seem to mind. To each their own. Not to mention, my husband got coffee here once and the barista didn't do a very good job. It tasted bitter. As San Francisco transplants, we know and love Blue Bottle, so it was a major disappointment that this will not be our go-to coffee place. This was when they first opened, so maybe they figured out how to make a good cup of coffee by now. However, I'd rather not take the risk given our experiences there, so we continue to walk a few extra blocks to Kuro Kuma where we know our coffee will be spot on every single time. The quality of the beans are excellent, so you won't be disappointed!	0
Must've just came on a bad day but the food was awful. Came out cold and didn't taste good. Had the looser salad sandwich and the eggs.  Will not come back	0
I was very excited when this place opened and I've withheld judgement for a while. Wine is overpriced more than the standard.  The food tastes like you were trying to do something fancy in your own kitchen and failed, but decided to serve it anyway.  Meats are overcooked. Veggies were either over or underdone. Wine temperature leaves something to be desired.   The staff is very friendly. Overall, not worth a trip here.	0
I am writing this review as I await the check.  I asked for my salmon to be served mid rare because I have difficulty digesting dry fish. It was almost well done. Salmon: FAIL.  One of my dinner companions ordered the duck which was served with chunks of brie. The Brie was FROZEN!! Duck:  FAIL. We told the waiter who took the brie to supposedly show the chef. It was never seen or mentioned again.  The check came and alas no allowance for the frozen brie. Service: FAIL Its safe to say that even in this relatively barron neighborhood there are much better dining options.  In closing I will say that my mushroom risotto starter was delicious but everything else: FAIL FAIL FAIL	0
Went to Flattop for lunch for my friend's birthday.  Asian lady was nasty attitude gave me grief for asking for my eggs to be fried hard.  I'm sorry to inconvenience you but FYI pregnant woman do not eat raw eggs.  She was all huffy and puffy about cooking it again when I tried to explain to her I can't eat be because I'm pregnant she gave me a nasty fake I'll do anything you want.  Service was slow and food trickled in for a party of 6.  Missing dish, had to wait for another 10 mins for....awful place to go to.  Don't waste you money.	0
As a daily Yelp user, I'd say that 4 star places are really worth 4 stars about 90% of the time.  This is not one of those times... My wife and I went for brunch today and we were seated right away.  After a few minutes we're asked what type of water we would like...  I've been to plenty of restaurants where I'm asked if I'd prefer still, sparkling, or tap and normally these are nicer restaurants and normally this is not a brunch question.  Regardless, it made us think that this was going to be a really nice brunch (especially as 2 eggs with toast and 2 sides was $13!). We both ordered the 2 eggs breakfast, hers scrambled and mine poached.  Come 30 minutes later our eggs arrive and nothing on the plate is particularly hot...   The decor was fine, very similar to the place that was here before.  Service was bad, even for the Columbia area which normally has a slew of restaurants with bad service.  The real kicker is that the food was really subpar for a place with such attitude.  The eggs were fine, but the poached eggs were a little over done.  Chicken sausage with sage was not very flavorful, tater tots were especially disappointing as we're fairly sure these were pre-packaged and weren't even seasoned. Nothing wrong with such a breakfast, just don't charge $13 for a breakfast worth $7, and don't take 30 minutes that would be ready at a diner in 5.	0
Food tasted good but was saturated in oil! The to-go boxes are the least sustainable and most wasteful things I've seen and I was shocked that a sustainable farm-to-table place would waste so much.	0
NOT.A.FOUR.STAR.RESTAURANT This place is fine as a restaurant but as a coffee shop basically sucks. It could be great, but it sucks. I'm giving two stars only because their dinners are actually very good (I've tried most of their main courses and all are good), but quite pricey. Why does it suck then? Service is bs. I've been asked to leave 3 times now during the day because a "section" is closing (there are like 10 tables in there for god's sake). Either they are "preparing" for dinner or for lunch or the table area is closed in the mornings for no good reason. They have wifi which never works. If this were just a restaurant maybe, *maybe* it would make sense. But they also kind of advertise as a coffee shop, and as such it sucks bad time. The owner or manager is seating there all time, doing numbers, stressing everybody out. Coffee is mediocre. even though they have the right beans (blue bottle) and the right machine (La marzocco) they just don't know how to pull a decent espresso. Pour over is not any better. Anyway, it's a shame than a nice place is ruined due to management. Good luck surviving in a student neighborhood being so uptight.	0
Only come here with a coupon from scoutmob, otherwise price not worth. Overlooked salmon, good sauce on mussels but shitty mussles, don't charge me 9 for that salad.	0
I've been here 3-4 times now and don't know why I come back. Even though I enjoy the coffee and atmosphere, I always leave thinking I should never come back- poor service and expensive mediocre food. I wait forever looking to flag someone down to order something and still need to ask for things twice, or get my check even with my coat on and wallet out. And to top it off I had hair in my food, which they didn't comp. I should really start going somewhere else.	0
For dinner: Food overpriced, portions stingy, service incredibly slow. Waited about 30+ mins for entrees, 15+ min for limited basic complementary starters (bread and oil).	0
Flat top's food is really expensive and you can't fill urself up by one dish. The waiters have bad attitudes as well.	0
Let me preface this by saying I was really excited to see Flat Top open. This stretch of Amsterdam is pretty uninspiring with most places serving up perfunctory American staples to the Columbia crowds. So I was thrilled to see its little twinkling bistro lights and inviting dining room, even if it did look like the design consultant had gone a little overboard on etsy.  Unfortunately this is where the good vibes ended. We went for a lateish Sunday brunch and were hustled into the tiny dining room by a bad tempered older waiter who was storming around purposefully but apparently achieving very little. Now I dont mind small dining areas per se. In places like Celeste on the UWS the place is always full to the rafters but the atmosphere is convivial and friendly. The waiter grimly pulled back the table and were squished in next to the other diners. The dining room was freezing (my husband sat in his coat) and had the atmosphere of a train carriage or a dentist's waiting room. I felt as if I was practically sitting on the lap of the people next to us and it was made more absurd when you look around and consider all the dead space around the tables not being used.  Some time later we presented with menus and about another ten minutes later asked for drink orders. My husband ordered a coffee. When it arrived another ten minutes later it had a harsh acrid taste, like the coffee was burned. He flagged the waiter down asked for another one. The waiter looked at him incredulously and didnt apologise and brought along another slightly more ok tasting one. My husband ordered a burger and I ordered the bangers and mash. Then we waited, and waited and waited some more. It was particularly aggravating that the people next to us who had arrived quite some time after us were being served their meals ahead of us. I asked the waiter if our food would take much longer. IT'S COMING UP, he practically yelled at me. Then a little while later he stormed back over and asked what we had ordered again suggesting he had probably forgotten to put the order in. By this point we had been there almost an hour. At some point we were given some sort of cheesy scone thing, which where pleasant enough and perhaps staved off some of the hangry rage which was now setting in. At no point did anyone apologise.  I looked over at the plates of bangers and mash the people millimetres away were eating. The sausages looked limp, anaemic and dry. The waiter came over and asked my husband if he'd like more coffee which he declined. "But why? You're paying for it," he said rudely. It was at this point we decided to cut our losses and leave. I've actually never had an experience quite like it. I felt that we were treated with disdain and hostility from the moment we set foot in there and then expected to pay through the nose for the pleasure. It's such a shame as we only live around the corner and it would be lovely to have a nice place to go to. Instead we will continue going to Pisticci were the service is always warm and the food actually arrives and is usually really good.	0
Just had lunch at Flat Top and found the portions small and service inattentive. Nice atmosphere for a drink maybe but lunch--not so much.	0
Pizza was ok.  Pasta was watery, shrimp was over done, dish lacked any flavor, and was not properly cooked as the pasta in globs.  The chicken dish was just ok and very bland.	0
THE FOOD!!! Delicious !!!! The service and Hosts EXTREMELY RUDE AND WOULD NOT GO BACK FOR THAT REASON!!! We were sitting in a table with like 15 other people and I asked politely if when a table of 4 on the edge finishes if we can have that seat the waiter said give me a second let me ask the HOST the host came near the station of the Waiter and looked at us . The waiter came back saying no sorry someone reserved that TABLE!  now that, I have to say was very Funny because on a Tuesday you CAN NOT RESERVE A TABLE FOR 4 . Another problem  We came in sat around 745 and at 850 the waiter came by an said everything okay  Can I take this  Although we weren't finished  After the waiter came another guy came asked the same question There FOOD IS A BIG PORTION SO WE HAVE TO TAKE OUR TIME AND WHEN ONE GOES OUT FOR DINNER ITS TO TALK AND EAT NOT EAT AND LEAVE!  after that guy another lady came and after her the manager came! Very uncomfortable and sadly us 4 won't ever be coming back!	0
Admittedly, I just got back from Nashville where awesome bars with good beer, whiskey, and fried green tomatoes abound. I've been to Jacob's pickles several times, and I can't stand it there.   The whole experience sucks and its expensive. Its quite loud and uncomfortable to be in there. And the food is mediocre to I wish I hadn't ordered this.  Even the pickles aren't great.	0
Well, the food tasted good, but something I ate here the other night gave me terrible food poisoning. I even ate on the lighter side and had the waiter recommended salmon salad and banana pudding. On the bright side, I lost 4 lbs eating here. Don't think I'll be back, though.	0
One star. I don't care how good you are. You say 45 minute wait, I don't expect to be standing outside in 30 degree weather for over an hour while you update us with false times.  Wasted an entire day with out of town family, waiting on a table. Checked in at 130. Still waiting on a table at 245.  Absolutely ridiculous.  Call ahead. Because waiting is a gamble.	0
I haven't been this annoyed by a restaurant in a really long time. Long wait after which we were first seated in the middle of a crowded communal table despite several open two-tops nearby. I felt super uncomfortable and claustrophobic so we were going to leave, but they offered to re-seat us, which was nice of them, though it was still super crowded with the tables close together. The music was good for a bar, but not great for dinner. It was blasting and way too loud to talk or hear each other, and then for some insane reason, at 6PM they turned the lights so low that it was impossible to see the menu. I thought it was a lighting issue at first--like someone had accidentally flipped a switch, but they never came back up.  Everyone was pulling out their phones to use as flashlights. It was ridiculous! I'm all for mood lighting or dropping the lights low late at night when it's just a bar, but during prime dinner time when people need to read the menu just makes no sense. The almost burned-out candles on the table were no help, so we all used our phones, which was annoying, too  since it meant that there were flashlights going all over the room.  The food was fine, but not good enough to make up for the other issues. Fried pickles were covered in a thick beer batter that just soaked up the grease--a crunchy grit breading would have been so much better.   The slaw on my fish tacos was really good, but there wasn't much of it and the pieces of fish were under-seasoned and had no additional sauce so they were dry. And they were served on cold corn tortillas...they didn't even bother to char them! (I also thought it was odd that they only did one corn tortilla per taco--the classic for soft corn is to do two tortillas. With those flavors, I really think flour tortillas would have worked better. My husband got the burger and said it was good, but it was served on a tiny soggy bun. It was kind of hilarious how small it was, actually. And topped off with an enormous pile of pickles. Just way too much.  The spicy pickle margaritas were inconsistent; first one was fine, but second one was super sweet--neither was great. Nice idea, but execution needs work.  For dessert, we shared the banana pudding. I was disappointed that the pudding tasted like artificial banana. It was seriously like banana runts! Way too sweet, too. It really needed salt. A sprinkle of maldon would have made all the difference.  This place is great in theory, but the reality is really disappointing. I spent the evening frustrated and uncomfortable. I will not be returning and do not recommend it to anyone. If you're looking for this style of food and casual ambiance, I'd recommend heading to Ditch Plains a few blocks over for better food and better overall experience.	0
Two rules that hostesses should probably always follow:  1. Overestimate wait time if you have to, but never underestimate it.  2. Always seat the angry customers standing in front of you and waiting instead of the customers you texted 10 minutes ago who have yet to show up.  Our party of 2 showed up for brunch at 1, and was told it would be a 40 minute wait. We ended up waiting for an hour and 10 minutes. And the worst part is, we could have been seated a lot sooner except a) the hostess kept getting confused about how many tables it would be until ours, b) there were 3 empty tables but they still wouldn't seat us because they texted the people in front of us (who didn't show up for another 15 minutes) and c) they weren't aware of how many tables were open in the entire restaurant.  To give credit where credit's due, as soon as the manager/owner? saw the situation and how visibly angry I was, he seated us and offered us a round of drinks. And as soon as our waitress learned we were in a hurry, she was super efficient the whole meal. However, having to deal with incompetent hostesses soured my whole experience. And were the food and drinks even worth the wait? Honestly, not really. I had the veggie omelette, which was fine but not great. The biscuit with gravy and eggs was fine but not great. The fries were good but the home fries were awful, super bland. And our free drinks were not impressive, but at least they were free.  It's going to be hard to justify coming back.	0
Completely forgot the poor service we received on our first visit. This was my third time and my last. I hate, hate, hate being lied to. We arrived on a Thursday night around 7:30 PM and we were told it would be about 45 minutes. Okay, we decided to wait. About 45 minutes later the hostess comes over and tells us there is a table that will be free in a few minutes. Then the manager comes over and goes on to say that they always bump up couples with infants as we already work so hard. Huh?! About 15 minutes later we are told that instead they are going to seat us near the counter tables beside the bar. Now, when we first arrived we said that we would be happy at the tables near the counter with bar stools, but we were given a no on the account it would be difficult to place highchairs there. I said please just seat us anywhere as the entrance is so crowded with little space to move. So why the change? Then after another five minutes we were told they were going to seat us at yet another table that was much better. We were seated all the way in the back in the corner that was so tight that only one person could walk down the aisle at a time. The food was good, but my anger boils over into my drink order. I ordered a beer, unfortunately I can't remember the full name, but I most certainly remember it was a wheat beer with  an alcohol content was 4.9% as I wanted something lighter as I would be driving. Instead I was given a dark beer that at my guess had an alcohol content of 9.5%. I tried to get our waitress, but by the time she made herself available it was no longer worth it. So disappointed.	0
an OK place, if you are a beer/sportbar lover.However their too traditional &amp; comfort food menu really bored me (mac&amp;cheese, a lot of fried stuff, fatty sauces, etc.). Doesn't feel intimate, too loud,not enough personal space, too many people.  Not my cup of tea.	0
I went to Jacob's Pickles tonight for the second time. The food the first time wasn't A, however, I like the menu with its fun and interesting selections. Tonight they sat us in the backroom. I have 20/20 vision and couldn't read a word of the menu - it was too dark. I noticed two other tables with diners using their cell phones to read the menu. There is no person who could have read their menu without a flashlight. Also, the lighting would have put you right to sleep. I asked the waiter if the lights could be raised and then lost my patience after a brief wait and decided to leave. Dining out shouldn't be a strain.	0
NEVER GOING BACK AGAIN. I was there for a friend's birthday party on Saturday, had a good time but got scammed at the end. The bill was split into 2 cards with my other friend putting the entire tip on his card (he gave generously), and me paying the other half of the bill without tip, so the tip section was left blank. Looking at my bill few days later, I was billed over 40% tip. Thanks for just taking my money.	0
Good food but some of the worst hostesses I've ever encountered. Beyond rude!! Asked a simple ? about wait time and got the snootiest response. Wouldn't waste my time coming from the east side to be treated so poorly.	0
Impossible to get a table on the weekend. I am sure the food is good but after waiting for over an hour and a half, received a page but when we arrived they had given the table away. Said, "we can get you back on the list if you want to wait another 1.5 hours". May have starved to death before we actually got in. I guess this is more a rating of the service we received and how they handled it. Happy to take my business elsewhere.	0
Updated review: Decided to give Jacob's Pickles another chance. Same disappointing service. Didn't really get a chance to taste the food this time.  Hour-long wait, then seated. Typical for busy brunch hour.  Server came immediately and asked for drink orders then disappeared (we didn't order drinks). Though we saw him, he did not return to our table for 15 minutes. After making eye contact with another server several times, she returned to take out order and took over service.  Our appetizer came pretty quickly and was good, then we waited for 40 minutes while everybody around us got their food and ate. We then find out that the kitchen lost our ticket so they will be comping our appetizer. Unfortunately we could not wait because we had a friend waiting for us and we had now been at Jacob's Pickles for more than 2.5 hours.  They said our appetizers were ready and they would box them up free of charge. When we met up with our friend and looked in the boxes, several aspects of our orders were incorrect -- same issue as last time I visited.  Multiple repeated issues over visits after trying to give them another chance. They tried to fix them this time but there are just too many issues there for me to go back.	0
I don't get the hype. Waited over 2 hours for a table?  What is the appeal someone please shed some light...	0
Update : After all this,  I received an email from the restaurant apologizing,  and to pls call the manager to make another res.   I called,  was told the manager was busy,  and they'd call me back.   They never did.	0
I hate it when hosts/hostesses act like they can't see you and continue to tap away on their iPads without saying hello. -1 I hate when hosts/hostesses quote a wait time, and the wait ends up being more than double the quoted time. -1 I hate when hosts/hostesses get snippy when you ask how long you'll actually have to wait. -1 The food was whatever.	0
Be mindful in the restrooms, they are unisex and the partitions are sub par. My girlfriend had men standing outside of the stall who were a little too aware of what was happening, and said commented on what she was doing. The staff completely underreacted once we reported such. An unpleasant experience that left a very sour taste in our mouths.	0
Burgers are not worth the terrible service. There's no way to make a reservation so you're almost exclusively greeted with a 1.5-2 hour wait no matter what time of the day it is. Happened last 3/4 times. The attitude you get is not worth it - plenty of good burger places in NYC. My 2c.	0
Good food but disrespectful service. We were promised a table in 45 minutes and two hours later had yet to be seated. Each time we asked we were told we were the next table up, which obviously wasn't the case as we saw other groups of similar numbers seated before us.  After speaking with the main host and hostess a number of times, neither of whom seemed to care about the wait, we spoke with another employee (a blonde woman whose name we didn't catch) who was much nicer and gave us a free appetizer, although when the bill came they forgot it was supposed to be free and we had to send the bill back... Our waitress was nice. But the hosts' blatant apathy put a damper on the evening.  The food here is good but the hosts and hostesses were unbelievably rude and I don't think I'll be coming back.	0
Maybe I'm just not into the southern comfort food thing but I see no reason to wait an hour and a half for a table here. Go to Harlem it's quicker and tastier	0
I should have known that things weren't going to go well when I didn't like the pickles at Jacob's Pickles.  Before that there were clues that I wouldn't like it at Jacob's Pickles.  Their music is really loud.  Loud to the point that my group of 4 just looked at each other because we couldn't hear each other over blaring speakers.  No one brought a pen and paper so we could text each other the old fashioned way.  It wouldn't have been so bad if they had played better stuff, but it seems that the music mix was designed by a high school girl who needed a soundtrack to fuel her sense of self-discovery.  Lots of whiney adolescents singing about their naïve expressions of freedom, love, and self.  The amount on the bill was the final nail in the coffin, I won't be going back. The food was good, so that's a plus.  All except for the pickles.	0
This has been one of my neighborhood favorites for a while, but last time I went in it was pretty disappointing. I hope it was just a one-off experience and not a sign of declining quality.  The food I ordered (western omelet) was almost inedible. The grits were cold and runny. Portions were still huge, obviously, but I don't think it's ever a good thing to have a massive plate of gross food. I didn't eat it, and fortunately the waitress took it off our bill. My fiance had the biscuit sandwich, which was slightly better but the biscuit was dry and not nearly as good as the biscuits have been in the past.  Even the pickles seemed sad. And the servers seem to be all new... The servers used to be enthusiastic about the food here. When the waitress saw my omelet, and that I wasn't eating it, she commented "I haven't tried that one yet. I guess I won't."  Also, for the record, their menu says "Fresh local eggs from Breys Farm, Sullivan County, NY" which makes it sound like you're getting high quality pastured eggs like you can get at the farmer's market. But Breys Farm is actually just a regular egg producer...feeding the chickens grains and keeping them in coops. So it's a little misleading to display that prominently on the menu like it's something special. (They are indeed local, which is good.) Sadly, I don't think I'll be going back here for a while. I'll be curious to see if other yelpers start to notice a difference as well. Hopefully not.	0
Here for the first time and currently enjoying a drink at the bar. Ambience is great, cocktail is delicious, and can't wait to taste the food.  Sadly, I'm starting with 2 stars after learning that the owner refuses to close the large glass doors on a cold and rainy evening. Apparently a a bevy of customers must complain to the manager before he'll consider making the place comfortable for everyone, including his poor hostesses and bartenders who are here all night.  Like I said, looking forward to the food, but lack of concern for the comfort of customers and employees is a big no no.	0
So ehhhhh. Once again, another over priced and overhyped NYC restaurant.  First off we did not have to wait as opposed to all the other reviews on here about wait times.  We were seated in the back in a long communal table. It was sooo dark in there- just a few burnt out candles were lit.. The couple next to us didn't even have one- I found this ridiculous. The menu is extensive- as it has beers, pickles , starters  and so on. Printed on  brown paper- so how the hell are we supposed to read this? I asked the waitress for more candles and she disappeared, after "saying yes I'll see what I can do". Naturally everyone at the table was using their iPhone flashlight to see the menu- so the remaining time was a mix of blinding phone flashlights. #annoying!  We got an assortment of the pickles and drinks. Waitress kept coming back and asking if we were ready to order, we told her we were enjoying the pickles first and then would let her know when we would be ready to order (as trying the read the menu in the dark got very confusing).  But no- she just kept coming to ask on and on... Jesus!  After not being impressed I told my date I wasn't ordering an entree- he went ahead and ordered. He claimed to have some fried chicken dish and that it was way too small- I did see the "biscuit" and it was the worst ever.. Cold and soggy. (He didn't  eat it) Maybe because it was Sunday night- I don't know.. But just very, very disappointing.  To top it all off, some of the servers sat to roll cutlery into napkins a few tables in front of us and chat.. Just hanging out preparing utensils and chatting. I found this to be so rude- while there are diners still eating. After 10 or 15 minutes of staring at my assigned waitress trying to get her to clear our table and checkout. I flagged someone else. Finally got out of there and was just simple SMH. This place is a freaking joke.  SAVE YOURSELF THE TIME OF GOING ALL THE WAY TO UWS -LIKE I DID FOR THIS AWFUL EXPERIENCE.	0
This place could truly not live up to my expectations. I guess reading the reviews of others I can say that maybe this is not my type of food, I do not find value on getting 2 lbs of greasy French fries and a small piece of chewy (not crunchy) fried chicken. Also the music was very loud and distasteful, I guess rap plagued with obscenities is also not my cup of tea for dinner. Given my comments you may think that I am 60 years old and that I lack the coolness factor of New Yorkers, but I am in fact 28 and still not amazed by anything this place has to offer.	0
My family and I decided to go here for dinner on a Saturday night. The staff told us the wait would be about 35 minutes. We waited more than an HOUR AND FORTY FIVE minutes before they even THOUGHT about serving us. This is dishonest to customers and prevents honest people excited to have a meal at a nice place from having a meal on a timescale that they determine (based on the word of the staff). Had I known this place would keep my family in paralysis for nearly 2 hours, we would not have considered going. This is particularly offensive for a business that does not allow for reservations. My recommendation: if you have any sort of plan within 4 hours of dinner, don't even think about this place.	0
For Sunday brunch, the three of us (incl. a 2 year old) showed up and was told it was ~45 minutes. Then, we were told we had 6 reservations ahead of us and it was another 30 minutes. Yup, as you can guess, it was another 30 minutes and we still had 7 reservations ahead of us. This is truly unacceptable but no one cares since there's a long line. Didn't make it to the table so no comments on the food.	0
This place was an absolute travesty. Go at your own risk.	0
My waiter was sexy that's why he got a good tip, not because he was good or anything... The food was a heart attack waiting to happen, although it was ok I did enjoy my plates pickles for the app but service was very slow	0
I'm so discouraged to see so many 4 and 5-Star reviews.  I tend to distrust the one negative review in a batch of 20 positive ones and just chalk it up to an isolated bad experience, but I've given Jacob's Pickles several opportunities to redeem itself and it's only gone from bad to worse.  To be fair, the food is actually good--the burger, the mac and cheese, the shrimp and grits--all good.  The problem is that the food isn't nearly good enough to redeem the insulting and useless service.  I was going to write this long tirade about the terrible service we got on Saturday night from everyone from the hostess to the waitstaff to the manager, but that's really all you need to know.  We walked out and I have no intention of going back, in spite of the fact that we live two blocks away.  Sorry, Jacob's Pickles.  Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice...	0
I was very excited to finally try out JP, all the items it touts are all items I love:  biscuits and fried chicken (southern cooking in general), pickles, whiskey, craft beer.  That's a winning combination right there.  Unfortunately, you can't eat the menu (though I was tempted during my 1.5 hour wait for a table) so the restaurant's execution needs to live up to its potential, and sadly JP did not for me. So I'll forgive the wait for a table (Saturday lunch at 11 am) because that's what you do in NYC.  I'll also partly forgive the horrendous seating we were subjected to once we finally were sat (they crammed four of us at the corner of the shelf in the bar area, and even attempted to sit three people basically right on top of us). No, what really gets my panties in the bunch is the food.  Let's start with the least egregious and work our way up.   First are the hot and sour cukes, which to me tasted like they took a jar of Vlasics and threw in some chilis and jalapenos and called it a day.  No crunch, nothing special.   Next comes the grits:  I'm not sure what country home the chef grew up in, but the runny, snot-like consistency was enough to make my shackles raise.  Grits should have a porridge-like consistency, thick and creamy, almost enough to stand a spoon in.  Luckily there were enough lumps of congealed cheese to make the whole mess edible. Third on the list is the fried chicken, or should I say, the chicken strips.  Unless I'm in some hellish diner where you order fried food to make sure the bacteria is killed, I have no time for breaded, fried strips of dried out chicken breast.  Bones, skin, crunch, seasoning, juices!  These are the aspects of delicious fried chicken. Finally, those abominable biscuits.  What.  The.  Fuck.  Where is the flaky, buttery goodness?  What's with the dried-out, crumbly, cornbread-like consistency?  And the hard-as-a-rock exterior?  And salt, seriously, season your food. I'll give props for the mushroom gravy (thankfully there was lots to salvage those dry biscuits) and the honey julep (tasty).  But overall, JP receives a serious thumbs down from me.	0
So overrated. On the weekends you can get brunch or a fried chicken sandwich accompanied with an hour to two hour wait. You will get a dry piece of chicken and a dry biscuit for $15 dollars plus you will pay another $13 for a mediocre Bloody Mary. On the positive side you will get full. My rating rationale: Minus one star for dry ckicken and biscuits Minus one star for seating us right next to the door after an hour wait and not having the door protector up to block wind (in the middle of November mind you) And minus one star as my friend had hair in her food	0
I am sorry about these stars (or lack thereof). I really really wanted it to be good. So badly, in fact, that I visited TWICE. I CREATED A YELP ACCOUNT JUST TO SHARE MY THOUGHTS. That is how baffled I am at this moment. Once for dinner - I got the Caesar salad which was DRENCHED in dressing and made me feel disgusted after a few bites - my boyfriend got the chicken and waffles which was equally disgusting (the waffle was incredible dense and flavorless). Oh, and did I mention our food took a full 50 minutes? Our waiter pretended to be upset and I think he comped out appetizer of fried pickles. Second time: I was baffled that the line was STILL so long after being so underwhelmed, but my friend insisted we go for brunch. Alright - maybe I had ordered wrong, yes? I mean, they're known for biscuits. And really, who can mess up an egg-biscuit-cheese sandwich? Welp. Apparently they can. "Fried egg" it was not - more of a briefly heated gooey mess. And a pile of cold shredded white cheddar. None of it melted because the dish was so cold. And the biscuit was totally lifeless and underwhelming. Even worse, the ketchup left a water trail on my plate. PEOPLE PLEASE STOP WAITING IN LINE FOR THIS OVERRATED CRAP. There are so many other worthwhile restaurants in this city - stop being confused by the long lines. It's just not good.	0
Wow, where to begin?  I would honestly give my most recent experience no stars if I could.  I generously doled out 5 stars to Amelie just about a year ago for their impeccable service and food, but that's a dream of a time gone by.  This past holiday season was a completely different story.  Five of my closest girl friends and I decided to have a nice date night and chose Amelie after seeing all the rave reviews, which now regrettably, also included my own.  It was a Tuesday and several of us were rushing from work so 5 of us arrived 12 minutes past the reservation time, with one friend due to arrive shortly after.  It's completely understandable for such a busy restaurant to be upset at us, and I would be too, if I were in their shoes. But not only was the gentleman (whom we later figured out was actually the owner) we spoke to bad-tempered and rude, he also informed us that he gave away our table to a walk-in group.   My party was bummed out, since that walk-in group already had glasses of wine at their table...which made us silently speculate: how long did they really wait to give away the table?  I'm not a huge stickler for rules, but if your policy states that you hold reservations for 15 minutes, then you better expect to be held to them.  Regardless, we made no fuss, and simply waited by the door to be seated.  About 30 minutes passed, and one of the kind servers pointed out to the owner that there was a table for 5 that opened up and we could be seated.  The owner appeared to disagree and completely went into a fit of rage, dismissing his own employee.  At that point, we figured we would probably not be seated for quite some more time, so we politely let them know that we would no longer be waiting for a table.  In that moment it was like a grenade went off, and the owner started charging at us, cussing us out and telling us to "get out of his restaurant, and never come back!".  The aforementioned server tried to calm him down, but to no avail.  As we were exiting the restaurant and trying to close the door, he knocked it open forcefully to continue chasing us out, as if we were second-class citizens, while several customers were witnessing this scene.  It was preposterous. I hope none of you ever have to encounter this (for lack of better words, bald and burly creature at Amelie.  He can be damned sure we won't return as we will never forget how he made us feel.  There are a ton of classier wine bars in the city, do yourself a favor and skip this one.	0
I hate to start off the new year and my 5th year of Yelp Elite (gold wohoo! :D) with a bad review, but my blood is still boiling after the experience I had at Amelie. My 5 girlfriends and I have an annual secret santa and this year we made reservations at Amelie to have dinner, catch up and exchange gifts. We had reservations at 7:30PM and 5 of the 6 of us arrived around 7:40PM. The 6th one had left her gift at home by accident and had to go back and pick it up. When we first got there I checked in with who I guess is the owner and the first thing he did was look at his clock then said, "Reservation for 6 at 7:30PM right? You're late." Okay, yes we are 10min late, but most restaurants give a 15min grace period because yes, sometimes people are a little late. Then he asked if we were all here and I said no we are missing one person. He said we'll have to wait because he gave our table away. Okay fine no problem, I get it, we were late. So 5 of us girls stood by the entrance and waited. It is a really tight space so we had to move around often so waiters and people could get by. Our other friend was stuck in traffic but was on her way, so when we saw a table open up, we asked if we could be seated and we will order for her. The owner yelled at us and said NO! Not everyone is here! I will not seat you. You guys were late! First of all, no need to yell, telling us politely would have sufficed. Second, a 5 person table is the same as a 6 person table and we said we were going to order for her. Third, there was no one there to take the table so it would have stayed empty anyways. LASTLY, his coworker was saying "it's 5 out of 6 people, just seat them" and then "dude calm down, you don't have to yell at them". If your employee is telling you that then you know you're doing something wrong. After that rude encounter, we decided we would just go somewhere else. So on our way out we told him we were going to leave. At this point I should tell you that we are 5 Asian girls, average height of 5 foot 3 - so SUPER scary and menacing. So menacing that the owner proceeded to CHASE US OUT THE DOOR literally like he was ABOUT TO FIGHT US, yelling at us to get out of his restaurant and making a scene in front of the entire restaurant. It was so ridiculous that we were trying to close the door behind us so we could leave and he kept on opening it to yell at us some more. In all my dining experiences, I have NEVER been chased out and I have NEVER been treated so rudely. I was a customer ready to pay and ready to enjoy my meal. Yes, we were 10 minutes late and asked if we could be seated early and order for the 6th person. If he had spoken to us like adults and equals, then we would have no problem waiting to be seated. I realize a lot of restaurants have this policy and that isn't the problem. The problem is that we were reprimanded, patronized and treated like we didn't deserve to eat there. We're polite girls, we're not scum and we definitely did not deserve to be treated with absolutely zero respect. I'm sure the food is amazing and so is the service (his employees were very nice), but don't DARE be late or be 5 Asian girls, because you might get chased out of the restaurant. *EDIT: I just looked at some of the other reviews and I guess we weren't the only ones that had a problem with the owner! There are MULTIPLE reviews about how awful this guy treats his customers. Beware!!*	0
So disappointing. Had such high expectations based on other reviews and friends' constant gushing.  Rude service, waiter seemed impatient and was rushing us the entire time.  Octopus in the salad was rubbery and overly salty. Mussels in the appetizer were oddly flavorless, even though the soup was really good! Dipped a lot of bread in it and just wanted to drink it straight. Friend got the duck leg confit and was also underwhelmed by his choice.  The yummiest thing was the Brie on the cheese plate and that fact that it came with a bunch of condiments and pickles and BUTTER. Stuck an entire cube in my mouth before realizing what it was...but c'mon, I've never seen cubed butter before. Wutttt One whole star goes for the bacon wrapped dates. They messed up my friend's order and came out with that instead of his duck leg, so gave it to us free. Best mistake ever! Wine was aight. I wouldn't come back, unless my friends who are in love insist on dinner here.	0
Terribly slow Sunday brunch service despite the place being mostly empty at 12.30pm. It was 45 minutes before our food orders were taken, for Sunday brunch. We had to ask a busser twice to send the server over for our orders. Then our entrees were delivered to the 5 of us, one at a time. Finally after more waiting we got our check at 2.20pm Cheese platter was tasty.	0
I was really hoping this place would bring an "amazing" dining experience with "amazing" food with an  "amazing" waiter. This place was "amazing" alright, amazingly bad....... This was our first experience here and the first thing that hits you when you walk in  is the amazingly poor acoustics in the place, it's so bloody noisy you can't hear yourself think...I've been in quieter hen houses. Once we were greeted, we were sat in an amazingly small table for two.....the two seat tables at the Golden Arches are bigger than this if this gives you any idea how damn small the table is....at one point we had to send the food passing guy back to the kitchen because there wasn't enough room on the table to place all of our food and wine. Now, let's talk about our amazingly bad waiter. We were new to this place, so we had a few questions about the menu selections. Our "amazing" waiter's reaction to being asked a few questions was rolling eyes and a reaction like we had asked him to hop on one leg and recite O' Canada.  As I have Yelped before, I'm one of the most laid back people you'd ever meet and I tried to give this "amazing" waiter the benefit of the doubt....but when he pretends to understand you just wanted to order one wine flight and not two, then gives you an attitude when you send one back....and you notice that when you ask for more  bread the "amazing" waiter brings you all the ends of the baguette that are hard enough to crack your teeth and the food passing guy brings you the good bread...I have no choice but to say this waiter was amazingly bad. On the other hand, to be fair, most of the food wasn't bad, but far from "amazing," especially the Escargot....it tasted like amazingly canned snails.  Overall, this place is far from "amazing."	0
Food 4-5 stars Wine (for a wine place, just okay) 3 stars Service, Horrendous 1 star.  I wouldn't go back, unfortunately. I am updating to explain my experience.  There was one other table seated, and 6 people at the bar. We waited 10 minutes for someone to come take our order, they did not answer our questions about the wine, and told us to "Just decide." Then we waited 10 minutes for wine to arrive. We had also order a Escargot and Olives to go with our wine. The waiter repeated this back to us, so we can only assume he was listening as we ordered.  After we got our wine a cheese ball was delivered to our table. Confused we tried it since it was sitting there. My friend and I both agreed this was good, I am giving them the benefit of the doubt that the rest of their food was equally good. Not once did the waiter check in on our table, otherwise we would have asked him about our original food order. A busser came to take away a few of our wine glasses and we asked him about the food we had order, by specific item (in case they had forgotten and wanted to make it quickly once realizing their mistake). He said he was sure it would be out soon, and would check on it.  We were happy with the wine for being Happy Hour wine, however it was nothing special. Unfortunate for a place that specializes in wine.  Having finished our 3rd glass of wine the waiter finally arrived at our table again and asked if we wanted anything else. Frustrated that our food never arrived, and we had not been looked after in an empty venue we just asked for the check and had lovely appetizers at Rosemary's up the street.  We would not have had a problem with our experience had we received decent service. Unfortunately, we will not be trying this place out a second time. I only use yelp to find great places in the city and don't leave reviews good or bad, but I felt I needed to share our experience to give the place an honest review.	0
The best thing about this place is the $10 all day wine flights ($10 for 3 wines - you choose).  They have a lot of very good wines and they give you a generous pour. Otherwise, I was disappointed in this place.  I met a friend there for lunch and the decor is hideous, at least in the daylight.  Maybe less offensive at night.  Definitely does not feel like you are in Paris. My friend really enjoyed her salad, and we split an order of fries which came out cold.  Nothing worse than cold fries. I had a cheese plate - some of the cheses were good but others were just ok (hard to have a bad cheese). The server was very nice and attentive.   I don't understand why people rave about this place - it's so average.  I had originally planned on going to ABC Kitchen for lunch that day and decided to go to Amelie instead, because of the location and the rave reviews.  Totally regretted that decision.	0
They get a 2 star only for the happy hr wine special. Duck confit, was more of a duck jerky.   creme brulee tasted like a store bought, cream gelatin. I am extremely disappointed with this place.  So much, that it angers me.	0
I had high hopes for Amelie but it failed to meet expectations. We had a reservation for 7pm on a Sunday and had our choice of tables. I was surprised by how inattentive the waiters were; it took us a while to flag them down. We missed the happy hour but they offer 3-wine flights for $16 after 7pm, which was a great choice. I liked all the wines I tried (got the Samie). As for the food, the mango/cream cheese and salmon crostinis were very fresh and done well. However, I was very disappointed by my plus one's pork medallions. They were way overcooked and tough. If I were him, I would have sent them back to the kitchen! My ravioli dish was smothered in cheese and not what I expected. The ambiance was perfect for a date, but my experience was marred by the less-than-exemplary food.	0
I really wanted to love this place, especially since the one in SF is great.  Let me  start by saying that the service here is absolutely 5 stars.  But the food... was so disappointing.  To our surprise, the seasoning for all 4 dishes we had were way off.  The foie gras was bland and the steak tartare was way over-spiced/seasoned...also smelled/tasted heavily of ketchup.  The mussels were also so bland we had to ask for salt and Tabasco.  Normally I love dipping crusty bread in the mussels sauce but it was as if the chef forgot the seasoning!  And the duck leg confit was also a bit dry and bland.  I dunno, maybe it was an off night?  Or new cooks? I would come back for the wine and charcuterie/cheese but probably not the prepared food.  Disappointing, to say the least.	0
It is with sadness that I write this negative review of what I had considered to be for a very long time one of my favorite date spots in the city. And I would like to make it clear that this review is intended to hopefully reach Amelie's management so they can improve in regards to how they treat customers. First of all, Amelie is a charming, romantic, and beautifully decorated wine bar, offering some of the finest and reasonably priced wines and best happy hours I have found in New York so far. Amelie also has also excellent food to offer. Until last night, I was very fond of their highly energetic and entertaining staff as well. That being said, this is my shocking, disappointing, and embarrassing experience last friday night at Amelié. After making reservations for two, I walked in about two minutes late and someone from the staff greeted me with that highly energetic and entertaining demeanor asking me to choose any table I wanted for my date. This was a first date, and I was really looking forward to it. The time was about 5:34pm, so the place was not as crowded as it gets later in the evening. Out of curiosity, I asked the staff person that was seating me, which seating area was the most sought out by most customers, and he said the front. I decided however to take a table in the back by the wall with the lights. My date came, and we started having fun getting to know each other. We began ordering wine and appetizers, and at about 7:30pm we had consumed about three or four glasses of wine each plus three appetizers. At about 7:45pm, out of the blue someone from staff came over and interrupted my date by tapping my shoulder several times and then put his arm around my neck and went on and on about how we haven't ordered dinner, or consumed more drinks. He did this in such an embarrassing and loud way that it completely killed off the vibe with my date. I mean this guy went on and on and ON! After at least one full minute of ranting I just wanted him to leave and stop embarrassing me in front of my date so I could have a good time. At this point we still had wine in our glasses, but I told him to bring me a bottle of wine just so he could leave us alone! Dispute this awful scene, and after asking him to get us a bottle of wine, the guy ASKED US TO LEAVE!!! After bringing me the check, my date told me "don't leave 'em a tip! Let's just get out of here". I still left a tip out of decency. As my date and I started walking out the door, this guy was following me on my way out saying "my friend, my friend... Bla, bla, bla... I want to talk to you, put yourself in our shoes... It's common sense"... COMMON SENSE! He followed me and my date all the way out to the street. I looked at him straight in the eye, and just said: "I'm shocked". As I walked away further, I turned around and saw him lighting up a cigarette with his head down. At that moment I realized he knew what a bad mistake he had done. But it was too late. Later on, my date and I tried to understand what had happened, we wondered if this man was drunk. Just thinking about it now puzzles me still. If the person on staff from that night ever reads this, I just want you to know that I forgive for treating me with such disrespect and rudeness, and I hope you learn to treat people with more respect in the future. I will always remember Amelié for the good times I had there, and not just this one incident. I wish nothing but the best for Amelié.  I will never go back.	0
Came here based on the stellar Yelp reviews and was disappointed when this was not the cozy, intimate French bistro of my dreams. Instead it was a dance club with a Moulin Rouge atmosphere with brash red lights, loud club music, read leather upholstery.  It was also extremely cramped, with diners inches away from each other.  It was the antithesis of a relaxing place to have a nice dinner, so I left quickly. I'm sure the food and happy hour specials are great, but just not for me. I'm surprised few other yelp reviewers commented on the ambience, so beware!	0
Very bad service! The dish didn't come after more than one hour.	0
Visited Amelie on an early Friday night, the bar is crowded already. Since it's a busy night, the services seems slow, not good for quick bite. I ordered food like escargots, foie gras, mussels, salmon, and pork tenderloin.  My disappointment will be the mussels were not fresh, and salmon was under cook. I guess I shouldn't order seafood. The place is small and tables are very very packed. Music is loud, but the happy hour wine flight of 3 wines for $12 and rotating $6 appetizers are great value. I recommend to get a happy hour drink here and eat somewhere else.	0
I had very high expectations of this place after reading the reviews. My experience was really not good. Meat platter was not fresh. Really did not like it at all, it was dry (waiting outside or not fresh at all dry) ! The ambience is far from an authentic French experience more like a fusion French. Music was off too, really we couldn't live the French experience we were looking for. Two star goes to the service, the waiter, who helped us was really nice, we did like him.	0
I love this place but my last visit was very very disappointing. We went there with my family for the Beujolais night. As usual the atmosphere was very nice and we had a nice table at the windows. But then came our waiter Jonathan and then everything went wrong. First the guy smelled the alcohol so bad !!!!We are open minded and usually we wouldn't pay attention but the guy was so lost. We had to repeat our order 3 times and still he came back because he forgot half of the order. And it was like that all night !!! We had to call one of the bartender or another waiter to help us to order more wine.It's true the place was packed but still... My mum was very disappointed and won't come back for sure. Me....I'll give it one more chance but without this waiter. I have to say anyway that the food was very good as usual	0
I ordered takeout from here for 2 people. Had the shark and bake, conch fritters, shrimp steampot, and crawfish steampot. The shark and bakes was good. I would order that again.  The rest of it was very bleh. There really wasn't a lot of shrimp or crawfish in the steampots. We also got the special sauce and it had very little flavor. The conch fritters were okay but I couldn't really taste any conch. I've eaten conch fritters at a hole in the wall place in the Bahamas. There it was absolutely amazing. At Lolo's, I couldn't even taste or see any conch in them ... might not even be any conch in it as it's stated that there is bacalao (salted codfish) in them. I could hardly even taste that, just the cornmeal. As hush puppies, they were great but they're terrible conch fritters. I am very surprised at how much Yelpers liked the above items. So after spending $42 on takeout for 2 people, I was still hungry and unsatisfied. Pretty disappointing since I was looking forward to this seafood addition to the neighborhood. I guess I'll be trekking downtown to The Boil  for any future seafood cravings, sigh.	0
If you've had Bake &amp; Shark on Maracas Beach or even on Eastern Parkway during Labor Day weekend, this does not measure up. They don't give you a choice of condiments. The bake is thin and small. It's not the traditional bake &amp; shark. If you know bake &amp; shark, you will be disappointed. The staff is friendly.	0
I seriously want to like this place, 'cause it has a good vibe, the owner and workers are all super friendly, and the concept is great. But it's SUPER pricey!! It's a shack, not a restaurant, but I guess they think they can get away with "new Harlem" prices (and maybe they can). I love smelt, but $10 (with tax) for a container of fries with 6 smelt on top??? (If you don't know, smelt are small fish like anchovies.)  And $5 for a small container of "Dutty Rice"??? (dirty rice). Get real!  I won't be back at those prices, that's for sure.	0
I am SO disappointed!  My boyfriend and I work in New York City all the time so decided to try The Three Monkeys because the reviews were so good and the pictures of the food looked delicious.   We walked in and the hostess specifically told us, "tables are for eating".  We had no issue with this because we were hungry!  We sat down and within five minutes the waitress was over to take our drink order.  We ordered two waters and two beers.   In fairness, we knew it was a Saturday night (4/4/15) and it could get busy so we quickly decided what to order before she arrived back with our drinks.  She came back about 8 minutes later with our beers and dropped them without saying a word.  I said to my boyfriend (since I have been a waitress) that she had other drinks to drop off and would come back.  There were 10 tables in this area.  There was a bartender from behind the bar helping and an additional runner.  So, there were three people to ten tables.   After waiting (no exaggeration) 25-30 minutes and finishing our beers and waters and not even having her glance our way I decided to go to the bar and ask to place our order.  I would have not had an issue even after the long wait if she said "be right over", or "no problem" but she looked at me aggravated and said, "where are you?".  I was done after that.  She came over and I asked for the check.  She dropped it off and rolled her eyes.  I am sure she was annoyed we did not eat.  However, after being at the table for 40 minutes and not even asking for our order we should have been the ones rolling our eyes.  This is NOT how to treat customers.  We ended up leaving and going to a different bar for a quick bite, which is in my next review.   I give two stars because they food might be good, but I wouldn't know.  Also, I am not going to judge the bar on this one waitress.  It is likely we may try this place again because we like to have multiple options in the Midtown area and the reviews are so good.  Nonetheless, it was not something I had experienced with a waitress before and it was aggravating to wait so long to catch attitude and end up having to go somewhere else.	0
Apparently the kid memo has not been passed along. We too arrived at 630 based on a prior review and were turned away because we had kids. Bummed.	0
This place is pretty hyped.up on yelp, and I'm here to dispel the hype. First off, their happy hour is atrocious. $5 for select craft beers. There's a sign outside that said that, but inside, there's no clue as to what it actually is and the bartenders aren't going to clue you in.  Speaking of the bartenders, these guys are douches. I was standing directly in front of them, with a credit card out and they refused to even look at me. I said excuse me multiple times and they wouldn't turn. They were too revised with filling a cup with ginger ale and pouring it out over and over. Classic. Finally there's the food. We ordered the buffalo wings. They were the spiciest wings I've ever had in my life. Like ridiculously spicy. Like I wanted to die spicy. I guess that's a pretty accurate statement because the next day my two friends and I had... let's say stomach issues. It was painful. I guess the one redeeming fact about this place is the free shot for checking in. You can get whatever you want. We got fireball. Sweet.  Would not recommend this place to anyone. Would not come here again.	0
My experience at Three Monkeys was great while I was there. While the music was a bit loud, it was manageable. The food was good, and the drinks were reasonably priced. Service was okay...it was busy, but the waitress kept forgetting drinks.  The issue comes in what I was charged versus what I had written on my receipt. My friend and I split our bill. She had had more to drink than I did, so I didn't leave a tip and she did. A few days later, I check my bank account and see that Three Monkeys charged me the same amount my friend left...even though I had a copy of my receipt that says I should have been charged less. I called Three Monkeys and left my information for the manager to call. There was no follow up at all. So, now I've been mischarged money that I probably won't ever get back.   I'm not a big fan of people padding their tip on my behalf when I experience service that is lacking.	0
I was refused liquor because "this is not a college bar." Ok in all fairness, yes I was with other college students and they were being rowdy, but all I wanted was a cocktail and I couldn't get it because my friends were annoying the bartender. I got a cider instead and it was NOT cheap. The bartender was doing his job of not letting people get drunk out of their minds so fine, but still, I couldn't get a cocktail by association with the loud group of people. What?	0
Was very excited to try this place and unfortunately disappointed. Dined in on a Friday night. The music was nice but the food was a huge disappointment.  The hot wings were such a disappointment, they were not spicy at at all. The waitress provided poor recommendations. Over priced and unsatisfactory all together.	0
While there's a lot of space here and food is decent, I had a horrible experience with service.  We walked in with a party of 7 for drinks and apps.  The place was not busy and no one approached our table for at least 15 minutes.  A server finally came over after I had already lost patience and ordered at the bar.  For the next two hours our table was approached only twice by this person for more drinks.  For a popular midtown spot, they could probably find servers who actually care about service.	0
Dined here Saturday night with a group of 7 and was not impressed. The first floor had an ok vibe and was fairly crowded however we had to go up to the second floor to dine. We walked upstairs and it was empty. We had to sit in a room separated from the bar area that was closed off with a glass wall. We were the only ones here and at one point our waitress closed the doors to the dining room - truly was an inviting atmosphere, NOT. Food was typical, sub par bar food and the beer selection was limited upstairs. We quickly ate and left for another bar. Was way too expensive for the crappy food, service and environment. Oh, and the curry fries are simply French fries with a side sauce of curry to dip in and they charge you about $10 extra. Nuts.	0
I gave them 2 stars only because of the music, plss DO NOT order food in this place, it's 10 times worst than bar food, BAR RESCUE show should come to this place urgently! the beer is not bad but it tasted kind of weird, like they havent cleaned the filters in a long time so be careful. overall i will never come back here.	0
Usually I don't write reviews unless it is worth it, for the good or the bad. Unfortunately, I'm writing for the case of the latter. This was my 3rd eve (Sun), on a weekend (fri, sat, sun) reason being I lived in Hilton across the street. My tip: go there after work on weekday or to get your evening started on a Fri. **Do not go on a Sat or Sun** Reason:  1) this place is dead on a sat or sun. (Don't even go to their first floor, it's sad)  2) the bearded white bar guy gives a damn. (Won't name him) 3) he is plain ignorant 4) he does not like his job (u can make out from his face) 5) he might be racist And all the above despite after you tip him well. (On Sunday eve 10.30 pm with no crowed I gave $2 tip for $8 beer. $3.5 tip for $15 food which came after 20 mins of wait.) I'm a rather easy going, educated, well traveled guy but the mere fact that this guy just plain *ignored* despite seeing eye to eye for my call/request gesture is something that really pisses me off and makes me write this review and to make sure to never go back.	0
Five friends and I came here Saturday 9/20 at 12:00p for brunch, the place was completely empty except for 6-8 people at the bar.  Even thought there was almost no one there, in the time it took the waitress to get our drink order she had been so rude to us that we got up and left without ordering food or finishing our drinks.   I've been here at night and had fun but because of the attitude of this server, I'll never be back.	0
Decent drinks. But: Too loud, Too crowded and Too hands-off. For my taste at least ...	0
We just had the worst service ever from This place. The waitress wouldn't let us put three table (small tables) together for 6 people even though no one was in the place...then she told us that we could go somewhere else . So we left	0
Menu looked interesting and it was literally across the street from my hotel. We walked inside and were told to find our own seats and that someone would wait on us. After 15 minutes we get told "Oh, there's not too many people working tonight, so if you want food, go over to the bar and order it and watch for when its reday so you can pick it up" Eat a dick and die.	0
I have read posts here about the Southern Fried Chicken wings...and how good they are.  I am certain, in my many travels in the South, that they don't burn their fried chicken and then tell a patron that's how it comes out.  Four of us together, two of us had to send back food. The bartender however was superb!  Friendly, and a good pourer.	0
I came in here early on a friday night. Walked right in and took a seat near the back.  I was looking to have some nice drinks and some good food. Not a full huge meal but something to soak up the liquor. As we sat near the back of the front section in the dimly lit bar our waitress came over with drink menus and introduced her self. She was nice and made suggestions. One thing I will say is the selection of cocktails they have here is lack luster to say the least. I didn't love either of the two drinks I had and nothing else on the menu sounded even remotely appetizing. I was looking for something sweet so I started with the Skinny Sorbet spritzer in the Mango flavor. It was like fancy seltzer water. Super light, barely any alcohol and I chugged it down. The second drink I ordered was the Creamsicle. I'm not crazy about orange and cream but compared to cucumber and jalapeño drinks I felt this was the best option for me. The creamsicle wasn't too bad. Pretty sweet but not the sweet I was looking for. It needed a kick. It was a light sweet flavor that virtually amounts to no taste. They have a lime on the side of the glass. I squeezed that into my drink and let it sit in there. As my creamsicle began to absorb the flavors of the lime it began to taste a little better. I wouldn't run back here for either of these two drinks but the creamsicle was definitely the better of the two. For eats I ordered the Fish tacos. I glimpsed the yelp reviews and heard they were pretty good. I recently was in San Diego were I had some of the best fish tacos on the planet so I should have decided against it...but I couldn't resist. The fish tacos here were decent. Way more delicious than the two drinks I ordered but I love fish and I love tacos and I asked for wings sauce and that makes everything better. The fish tacos comes with 4 mini taco with a little chunk of fish in each little tortilla. Some type of salad/slaw on top. Once covered in the wing sauce I was licking my fingers. They were good but nothing to write home about. The atmosphere was decent. A chill vibe. I was able to talk to my friend the whole night with no loud music or loud people hanging around. The show music videos on the big screen television so we were able to see a whole bunch of videos we had never seen before. Our waitress was pretty nice and we only couldn't get her attention at the end of the night while she played around with one of her co-workers and we waited to get her to bring the bill. It was early so music and all that I can't really speak on. Maybe the vibe is different as the night progresses. Overall it's a decent spot. I probably won't return because the drinks weren't all that impressive.	0
What the H-ll! I have NEVER been treated so poorly ever. The men on the basement floor were polite and sent us upstairs to the patio, the women next to the door, the blonde was super rude, yelling across the bar at us (well raise snarky voice) refused to check in with us when we could go outside. When she allowed other people to finally go to the patio (not the reserve section, but upstairs to the patio), we asked again and she rudely denied us entry. She was so rude that even her co-workers eyebrows were raised. We were not happy but stayed chill and just wanted to make sure she would not be the one serving us. Heather came over, took a look at our faces and apologized for her co-workers behavior. She is the only reason we 1. stayed and 2. did not call a manager. I regret that decision. Heather ensured we had everything we needed and took care of us for the rest of the time we were there.  Although Heather was wonderful, the nasty taste in our mouths spread to the food which was forgettable, and the decor which was dark and unappealing. It looks like this is a watering hole for the happy hour crew but it is not a fun place to go or be seen. Go next door to the tequila place instead, you will have a better time.	0
Maybe if you are coming here with some friends to grab a couple of drinks and some bar food this would be a good stop, but I came here with a group of 15 people after an event in the city. When speaking to the manager they assured me that we would have a private room and they would be able to accommodate the type of group I was bringing in (it was a work event). But when we got there, they didn't have our reservations and we didn't have a private room. They had to scramble around to push tables together for us - we were so cramped that some of the group had to stand and eat. Not to mention the waitress was actually the bartender so we didn't have the best of service and she gave us a hard time to split the bill into two separate checks. As far as the food was concerned - it wasn't that great. I really was disappointed with our experience.	0
I really don't like giving negative reviews but this place is lame.  I would give it one star for the weak mixed drinks (and I have a pathetically low alcohol tolerance), negligent service and exclusively B&amp;T crowd but the rooftop patio shows that The Three Monkeys has some potential.  I've been there a couple times and wouldn't go out of my way to go there again.	0
Lousy overpriced food. Got a salad with nothing but spring greens and two (paper thin) slices of beets. Smells like a urinal cake. Music must've been on the 'early 2000s major depressive disorder' XM channel. Typical depressing midtown pub, if you're into that. I went out of convenience to catch the Knicks game while I was running errands, but felt compelled to write a review after the pathetic salad I got. And the bartender never asked how things were	0
This place was way too expensive for my taste. We came during their supposed time for 'deals,' but everything was over $6 so I can't even imagine what their prices are normally like. Not to mention that everything was totally watered down. Everyone said that it was basically like they were drinking juice, no booze to be found. The one cool thing about this place was the roof. That alone would make me come back. Plus the fact that it's so close to my apartment.  Also, check in for a FREE SHOT. It's basically a watered down shooter, but whatever. It's free and better than nothing.	0
Buy an ID scanner or hire a better bouncer. If you have a NJ ID don't bother coming here at night.	0
Terribly slow, inattentive service, pretty empty, and in a bad location (unless you're coming from the theatre).  The waitress served one in our party the wrong beer (even after she questioned it).  Overall, nothing special enough to go back to.	0
My experience was not terrible, but I got some violent food poisoning after eating here. If you're willing to take the risk, go for it.	0
Walking past the happy hour sign 11am- 8pm $5 beer $6 cocktails, we decided to have a drink after the show Cabaret on Saturday at 5:30pm. At the bar we were told happy hour was only on weekdays. Beware of false advertising!	0
I walked in this weekend and the place smelled horrible (like floral-air-freshener-plus-vomit) and was blasting awful music.  My friends and I couldn't hear each other talk- we left after 15 minutes.  No thank you!	0
Wow, this place is garbage.  I came because of their happy hour that runs until 8pm for $5 craft beers and $6 cocktails.  I drank about 5/6 beers and ask for the check.  Guess what, they charged me $8-9 per beer.  What the fuck!?!?!?!?!?  Apparently only "select craft beers" are $5 at happy hour.  REALLY!?!? I asked you stupid #£|€#%s before I even ordered, "beers are $5 at happy hour, right?  and you said yes, so I ordered decent beers.   Fuck you.  For 6 beers I should've paid $30 plus tip.  It's a typical trick for these midtown places to squeeze their customers for every dime.  Create a happy hour with exceptions, don't mention the exceptions to your customers, DON'T LIST BEER PRICES ON THE MENU, and then "tough shit" to the customer when it's time to close out.  No prices on the menu!?  Are you trying to hide something? I'm going to open a restaurant and invite the entire staff to opening night.  I will serve them all a bowl of dicks and charge $100/inch.	0
Meh, yes its close to my office and yes they have tons of bear on tap and yes their summer drink specials are VERY tasty.  The staff is also very friendly. But I came here for a work event last night and I was pretty surprised by two things: One - their appetizers were unappetizing and actually not very good at all which maybe was a fluke since my longtime friend Jennifer F has declared them to be yummy and she never steers me wrong... Even the presentation of their quesadilla platter was odd - they literally just tossed them on a platter and it looked so messy.   Two - there was another company in addition to mine upstairs so it was pretty crowded, but no one really cared.  What was odd was that the restaurant let the bathroom get turned upside.  There was no TP in there, garbage all over the floor and it stunk.  That either all happened by 6:30 or it was left that way from Wednesday night... I know bars aren't known for their bathrooms, but two companies are hosting happy hour events and no one cared to check on the bathroom?	0
Service sucked. Sat at the bar for five minutes while three bartenders chit chatted in front of us. Never gave us a menu or took a drink order.	0
When I was working a few blocks away, this was my go to bar for post-work happy hours. They're the only bar in the neighborhood that has somewhat interesting beers on tap, not just your standard (and boring) Stella or Goose Island IPA.  But, oh, how the mighty have fallen. I was there for an event last night, and aside from the service being lousy (well, ok, the service was always kind of lousy), I made the mistake of ordering a Whiskey &amp; Soda to mix it up a little. If there was whiskey in that drink I couldn't tell and a $6 seltzer is not what I ordered.	0
I only gave two stars, one for the beer selection available, and one for the waitress svc.  The food was really not good.  We had the spinach and artichoke dip and the buffalo chicken spring rolls, the dip had absoutely no flavor, the chips served with it had more flavor than the actual dip.  The spring rolls came out cold.  Too many places in the area with decent tap selections and more reasonably priced. Don't see a reason to ever go back.	0
This review is for watching Packer Football games. As Packer bars in NY go Three Monkeys seems like a good spot to watch the game. Lots of flat screens a projector upstairs. Volume throughout the game so you can actually hear the game being called. It has a nice ambiance and I really want to like it but.... Hi tops with stools uncomfortable for a long game, no beer specials, no buckets and no pitchers.... Really? For football? No food specials. And what I did order was overpriced, even by theater district standards... All you can do better elsewhere... Pretty disappointed	0
On our vacation in New York, the boyfriend and I were looking for a good bar for beer on tap to just sit back and relax. The selection of beer here is definitely good, but the douchebaggery was almost unbearable. We should have known what we were getting ourselves into the moment we walked in - too-loud music, and people who were trying really REALLY hard to seem like the nonchalant-but-cool kid in class. But we figured hey, it was worth it for this kind of selection of beer in an unfamiliar town. So we sat there minding our own business, trying to focus on the sports news on the flat-screens over the bar. Which normally would have worked, if the douchebag with the popped collar didn't alternate with the too-drunk dumb breezy, rubbing up all over me because they lost their sense of a personal bubble because they were too busy playing aloof with one another. Not to mention that service left a lot to be desired. The chick behind the bar definitely thought she was hot stuff. Haha. To the point where I'm pretty sure she forgot that the point of her being there was actually serving drinks? A lot of the time that we spent at the bar consisted of watching her flipping her rat's nest of a mess of hair around while perpetually holding an empty pint glass with a confused look on her face. We did look forward to this place because a review we read specifically mentioned the lack of douchebaggery, and there were a bunch of different types of beers available. I unfortunately would not agree (about the douchbaggery). I almost choked here.	0
Around the corner from my office.  It's an after work bar for me, meaning that I will only go here when I'm not buying the drinks.  But hey, we're within a stone's throw of Times Square and if you want to overcharge the tourists I totally get it. We do come here semi-occasionally for office get-togethers.  And on these occasions, I have noted that they have an amazingly large beer selection.  It's kind of redic.  And the food is decent too. Another reason for the 2 stars: them people that work there be RUDE.  Like, come on, you're already overcharging me to drinks, not need to have attitude.  We're often on the second floor, and they rent it out to 2 parties at the same time sometimes, and they put up a velvet rope to divide the two, and are very aggressive about us not crossing the line (and by they I mean the bar people, not the other party...)	0
This place reinforces a valuable lesson: the total square inches of HDTV in a place is inversely proportional to how good that place's fancy dishes will taste.  So keep your food selections simple at Three Monkeys, this place has no business serving duck spring rolls, braised short ribs, and truffle chicken sausage.  Way, WAY out of their element with the food - steer clear.  Burgers are standard, overpriced Times Sq. crap, but passable. Big expensive beer list becomes the only option since their outrageously priced mixed drinks are ALL soda.  Hate to pile on, but they also had an atrocious playlist when I went: featuring deep cuts from Indie bands from the early 2000s.	0
Waited 45 minutes for a burger. Asked for it medium but it came out very very well done like a burnt hockey puck. Also paid extra for mozzarella cheese on top and it was literally the size of a nickel.  Server was miserable and made any interaction uncomfortable.  Ginger-lemon cocktail was full of bitter lemon seeds.	0
Came to eat tonight.  Very limited menu.  My burger was very good, but fries very soggy.  Good beer selection.  Extremely loud inside, loud acoustics with really bad music blaring over crowd noise.  Plus the many televisions around the place were on but there was not game on.  Iceberg wedge came with a vinaigrette (no ranch? what's the point?) The food took forever to come.   The place also also loses a star for being a "pub partner" with NYCFC, a soccer team associated with human rights abuser and homophobe Sheik Mansour vice prime minister of Abu Dhabi.  First thing they should do is lose that "partnership".	0
I was excited to come here, but was disappointed with our experience. Our party of 3 got there about 7 on a Saturday night and were seated fairly quickly. They sat us at a table meant for 2 and just added a chair. Whatever. We get menus and check them out. The waitress came and we immediately got a stank vibe off of her. She was so dry and blah. We asked her to come back and give us a few mins and I swear it took everything for her not to roll her eyes at us. After deciding what we wanted, we put in our orders and waited and waited and waited. I had to remind her that my husband had a lemonade. The food took 30 mins to come out. My sister had the OG with fries, she said it was really good. My husband hadbyhe Mac and cheese with brisket, he said it was bland, I had some and agree that it was. I had the short rib grilled cheese. It was good but sooooo greasy. I really wanted to like this place, but between that waitress and the long wait for our food, it's a no for Tryon Public.	0
First time there the bartenders treated me like my money was not good enough to order a glass of wine. He asked me over and over if I was "sure" I wanted to drink there. Maybe because I went home to change out of my Buisness attire? Then I overheard another bartender talking about "those people" to some drunken regulars which nearly instigated a bar fight! Never in my life has a bartender who works for tips treat me like my money or my presence was not wanted. This experience was just unprofessional and shameful to the Buisness owner.	0
I was excited to see this place in the neighborhood, the place looks great inside and taking a look at the menu, my mouth was watering.....I came here for the brunch special which is basically an additional $19 for unlimited mimosa and blood marys for 90mins. However, the wording on the menu does not indicate it was an additional cost on top of the food you order on the brunch menu. So my friends and I were slapped with a hefty bill. Considering this place is new to the area, the waitress/waiter should've asked us if we have been to the restaurant before (like most places do) and then explain the brunch special.  The food was alright and the service was ok - however when our was ready and came out, the runner messed up and gave my side order of bacon to one of my friends and said it was part of the meal and when we asked the waitress she said, no that is your side of bacon and then apologized and brought us another side of bacon and CHARGED us for it.	0
Had sunday brunch there. I was seated promptly but it took forever for my waiter to finally arrive.  Once he arrived he just looked like I was bothering him with my order.  I ordered the short rib grill cheese and with this you receive a free drink.  I never got my drink.  The sandwhich was good but the bread was toasted so much that the crust was extremely hard.  I could only eat half the sandwhich due to how hard it was the waiter finally showed back up.  Still no drink.  Even other patrons were not happy and were complaining.   Over all I wouldn't go back at all.	0
Nice atmosphere and fairly good beer selection on tap.  Very disappointed with the food.  Ordered what was described as the Brisket Cheese Steak which was a Steak-Umm-like meat with what tasted like Kraft American Cheese-food, served on a supermarket type hero roll.  For $16, I felt taken.	0
I am SO disappointed!  My boyfriend and I work in New York City all the time so decided to try The Three Monkeys because the reviews were so good and the pictures of the food looked delicious.   We walked in and the hostess specifically told us, "tables are for eating".  We had no issue with this because we were hungry!  We sat down and within five minutes the waitress was over to take our drink order.  We ordered two waters and two beers.   In fairness, we knew it was a Saturday night (4/4/15) and it could get busy so we quickly decided what to order before she arrived back with our drinks.  She came back about 8 minutes later with our beers and dropped them without saying a word.  I said to my boyfriend (since I have been a waitress) that she had other drinks to drop off and would come back.  There were 10 tables in this area.  There was a bartender from behind the bar helping and an additional runner.  So, there were three people to ten tables.   After waiting (no exaggeration) 25-30 minutes and finishing our beers and waters and not even having her glance our way I decided to go to the bar and ask to place our order.  I would have not had an issue even after the long wait if she said "be right over", or "no problem" but she looked at me aggravated and said, "where are you?".  I was done after that.  She came over and I asked for the check.  She dropped it off and rolled her eyes.  I am sure she was annoyed we did not eat.  However, after being at the table for 40 minutes and not even asking for our order we should have been the ones rolling our eyes.  This is NOT how to treat customers.  We ended up leaving and going to a different bar for a quick bite, which is in my next review.   I give two stars because they food might be good, but I wouldn't know.  Also, I am not going to judge the bar on this one waitress.  It is likely we may try this place again because we like to have multiple options in the Midtown area and the reviews are so good.  Nonetheless, it was not something I had experienced with a waitress before and it was aggravating to wait so long to catch attitude and end up having to go somewhere else.	0
Apparently the kid memo has not been passed along. We too arrived at 630 based on a prior review and were turned away because we had kids. Bummed.	0
This place is pretty hyped.up on yelp, and I'm here to dispel the hype. First off, their happy hour is atrocious. $5 for select craft beers. There's a sign outside that said that, but inside, there's no clue as to what it actually is and the bartenders aren't going to clue you in.  Speaking of the bartenders, these guys are douches. I was standing directly in front of them, with a credit card out and they refused to even look at me. I said excuse me multiple times and they wouldn't turn. They were too revised with filling a cup with ginger ale and pouring it out over and over. Classic. Finally there's the food. We ordered the buffalo wings. They were the spiciest wings I've ever had in my life. Like ridiculously spicy. Like I wanted to die spicy. I guess that's a pretty accurate statement because the next day my two friends and I had... let's say stomach issues. It was painful. I guess the one redeeming fact about this place is the free shot for checking in. You can get whatever you want. We got fireball. Sweet.  Would not recommend this place to anyone. Would not come here again.	0
My experience at Three Monkeys was great while I was there. While the music was a bit loud, it was manageable. The food was good, and the drinks were reasonably priced. Service was okay...it was busy, but the waitress kept forgetting drinks.  The issue comes in what I was charged versus what I had written on my receipt. My friend and I split our bill. She had had more to drink than I did, so I didn't leave a tip and she did. A few days later, I check my bank account and see that Three Monkeys charged me the same amount my friend left...even though I had a copy of my receipt that says I should have been charged less. I called Three Monkeys and left my information for the manager to call. There was no follow up at all. So, now I've been mischarged money that I probably won't ever get back.   I'm not a big fan of people padding their tip on my behalf when I experience service that is lacking.	0
I was refused liquor because "this is not a college bar." Ok in all fairness, yes I was with other college students and they were being rowdy, but all I wanted was a cocktail and I couldn't get it because my friends were annoying the bartender. I got a cider instead and it was NOT cheap. The bartender was doing his job of not letting people get drunk out of their minds so fine, but still, I couldn't get a cocktail by association with the loud group of people. What?	0
Was very excited to try this place and unfortunately disappointed. Dined in on a Friday night. The music was nice but the food was a huge disappointment.  The hot wings were such a disappointment, they were not spicy at at all. The waitress provided poor recommendations. Over priced and unsatisfactory all together.	0
While there's a lot of space here and food is decent, I had a horrible experience with service.  We walked in with a party of 7 for drinks and apps.  The place was not busy and no one approached our table for at least 15 minutes.  A server finally came over after I had already lost patience and ordered at the bar.  For the next two hours our table was approached only twice by this person for more drinks.  For a popular midtown spot, they could probably find servers who actually care about service.	0
Dined here Saturday night with a group of 7 and was not impressed. The first floor had an ok vibe and was fairly crowded however we had to go up to the second floor to dine. We walked upstairs and it was empty. We had to sit in a room separated from the bar area that was closed off with a glass wall. We were the only ones here and at one point our waitress closed the doors to the dining room - truly was an inviting atmosphere, NOT. Food was typical, sub par bar food and the beer selection was limited upstairs. We quickly ate and left for another bar. Was way too expensive for the crappy food, service and environment. Oh, and the curry fries are simply French fries with a side sauce of curry to dip in and they charge you about $10 extra. Nuts.	0
I gave them 2 stars only because of the music, plss DO NOT order food in this place, it's 10 times worst than bar food, BAR RESCUE show should come to this place urgently! the beer is not bad but it tasted kind of weird, like they havent cleaned the filters in a long time so be careful. overall i will never come back here.	0
Usually I don't write reviews unless it is worth it, for the good or the bad. Unfortunately, I'm writing for the case of the latter. This was my 3rd eve (Sun), on a weekend (fri, sat, sun) reason being I lived in Hilton across the street. My tip: go there after work on weekday or to get your evening started on a Fri. **Do not go on a Sat or Sun** Reason:  1) this place is dead on a sat or sun. (Don't even go to their first floor, it's sad)  2) the bearded white bar guy gives a damn. (Won't name him) 3) he is plain ignorant 4) he does not like his job (u can make out from his face) 5) he might be racist And all the above despite after you tip him well. (On Sunday eve 10.30 pm with no crowed I gave $2 tip for $8 beer. $3.5 tip for $15 food which came after 20 mins of wait.) I'm a rather easy going, educated, well traveled guy but the mere fact that this guy just plain *ignored* despite seeing eye to eye for my call/request gesture is something that really pisses me off and makes me write this review and to make sure to never go back.	0
Five friends and I came here Saturday 9/20 at 12:00p for brunch, the place was completely empty except for 6-8 people at the bar.  Even thought there was almost no one there, in the time it took the waitress to get our drink order she had been so rude to us that we got up and left without ordering food or finishing our drinks.   I've been here at night and had fun but because of the attitude of this server, I'll never be back.	0
Decent drinks. But: Too loud, Too crowded and Too hands-off. For my taste at least ...	0
We just had the worst service ever from This place. The waitress wouldn't let us put three table (small tables) together for 6 people even though no one was in the place...then she told us that we could go somewhere else . So we left	0
Menu looked interesting and it was literally across the street from my hotel. We walked inside and were told to find our own seats and that someone would wait on us. After 15 minutes we get told "Oh, there's not too many people working tonight, so if you want food, go over to the bar and order it and watch for when its reday so you can pick it up" Eat a dick and die.	0
I have read posts here about the Southern Fried Chicken wings...and how good they are.  I am certain, in my many travels in the South, that they don't burn their fried chicken and then tell a patron that's how it comes out.  Four of us together, two of us had to send back food. The bartender however was superb!  Friendly, and a good pourer.	0
I came in here early on a friday night. Walked right in and took a seat near the back.  I was looking to have some nice drinks and some good food. Not a full huge meal but something to soak up the liquor. As we sat near the back of the front section in the dimly lit bar our waitress came over with drink menus and introduced her self. She was nice and made suggestions. One thing I will say is the selection of cocktails they have here is lack luster to say the least. I didn't love either of the two drinks I had and nothing else on the menu sounded even remotely appetizing. I was looking for something sweet so I started with the Skinny Sorbet spritzer in the Mango flavor. It was like fancy seltzer water. Super light, barely any alcohol and I chugged it down. The second drink I ordered was the Creamsicle. I'm not crazy about orange and cream but compared to cucumber and jalapeño drinks I felt this was the best option for me. The creamsicle wasn't too bad. Pretty sweet but not the sweet I was looking for. It needed a kick. It was a light sweet flavor that virtually amounts to no taste. They have a lime on the side of the glass. I squeezed that into my drink and let it sit in there. As my creamsicle began to absorb the flavors of the lime it began to taste a little better. I wouldn't run back here for either of these two drinks but the creamsicle was definitely the better of the two. For eats I ordered the Fish tacos. I glimpsed the yelp reviews and heard they were pretty good. I recently was in San Diego were I had some of the best fish tacos on the planet so I should have decided against it...but I couldn't resist. The fish tacos here were decent. Way more delicious than the two drinks I ordered but I love fish and I love tacos and I asked for wings sauce and that makes everything better. The fish tacos comes with 4 mini taco with a little chunk of fish in each little tortilla. Some type of salad/slaw on top. Once covered in the wing sauce I was licking my fingers. They were good but nothing to write home about. The atmosphere was decent. A chill vibe. I was able to talk to my friend the whole night with no loud music or loud people hanging around. The show music videos on the big screen television so we were able to see a whole bunch of videos we had never seen before. Our waitress was pretty nice and we only couldn't get her attention at the end of the night while she played around with one of her co-workers and we waited to get her to bring the bill. It was early so music and all that I can't really speak on. Maybe the vibe is different as the night progresses. Overall it's a decent spot. I probably won't return because the drinks weren't all that impressive.	0
What the H-ll! I have NEVER been treated so poorly ever. The men on the basement floor were polite and sent us upstairs to the patio, the women next to the door, the blonde was super rude, yelling across the bar at us (well raise snarky voice) refused to check in with us when we could go outside. When she allowed other people to finally go to the patio (not the reserve section, but upstairs to the patio), we asked again and she rudely denied us entry. She was so rude that even her co-workers eyebrows were raised. We were not happy but stayed chill and just wanted to make sure she would not be the one serving us. Heather came over, took a look at our faces and apologized for her co-workers behavior. She is the only reason we 1. stayed and 2. did not call a manager. I regret that decision. Heather ensured we had everything we needed and took care of us for the rest of the time we were there.  Although Heather was wonderful, the nasty taste in our mouths spread to the food which was forgettable, and the decor which was dark and unappealing. It looks like this is a watering hole for the happy hour crew but it is not a fun place to go or be seen. Go next door to the tequila place instead, you will have a better time.	0
Maybe if you are coming here with some friends to grab a couple of drinks and some bar food this would be a good stop, but I came here with a group of 15 people after an event in the city. When speaking to the manager they assured me that we would have a private room and they would be able to accommodate the type of group I was bringing in (it was a work event). But when we got there, they didn't have our reservations and we didn't have a private room. They had to scramble around to push tables together for us - we were so cramped that some of the group had to stand and eat. Not to mention the waitress was actually the bartender so we didn't have the best of service and she gave us a hard time to split the bill into two separate checks. As far as the food was concerned - it wasn't that great. I really was disappointed with our experience.	0
I really don't like giving negative reviews but this place is lame.  I would give it one star for the weak mixed drinks (and I have a pathetically low alcohol tolerance), negligent service and exclusively B&amp;T crowd but the rooftop patio shows that The Three Monkeys has some potential.  I've been there a couple times and wouldn't go out of my way to go there again.	0
Lousy overpriced food. Got a salad with nothing but spring greens and two (paper thin) slices of beets. Smells like a urinal cake. Music must've been on the 'early 2000s major depressive disorder' XM channel. Typical depressing midtown pub, if you're into that. I went out of convenience to catch the Knicks game while I was running errands, but felt compelled to write a review after the pathetic salad I got. And the bartender never asked how things were	0
This place was way too expensive for my taste. We came during their supposed time for 'deals,' but everything was over $6 so I can't even imagine what their prices are normally like. Not to mention that everything was totally watered down. Everyone said that it was basically like they were drinking juice, no booze to be found. The one cool thing about this place was the roof. That alone would make me come back. Plus the fact that it's so close to my apartment.  Also, check in for a FREE SHOT. It's basically a watered down shooter, but whatever. It's free and better than nothing.	0
Buy an ID scanner or hire a better bouncer. If you have a NJ ID don't bother coming here at night.	0
Terribly slow, inattentive service, pretty empty, and in a bad location (unless you're coming from the theatre).  The waitress served one in our party the wrong beer (even after she questioned it).  Overall, nothing special enough to go back to.	0
My experience was not terrible, but I got some violent food poisoning after eating here. If you're willing to take the risk, go for it.	0
Walking past the happy hour sign 11am- 8pm $5 beer $6 cocktails, we decided to have a drink after the show Cabaret on Saturday at 5:30pm. At the bar we were told happy hour was only on weekdays. Beware of false advertising!	0
I walked in this weekend and the place smelled horrible (like floral-air-freshener-plus-vomit) and was blasting awful music.  My friends and I couldn't hear each other talk- we left after 15 minutes.  No thank you!	0
Wow, this place is garbage.  I came because of their happy hour that runs until 8pm for $5 craft beers and $6 cocktails.  I drank about 5/6 beers and ask for the check.  Guess what, they charged me $8-9 per beer.  What the fuck!?!?!?!?!?  Apparently only "select craft beers" are $5 at happy hour.  REALLY!?!? I asked you stupid #£|€#%s before I even ordered, "beers are $5 at happy hour, right?  and you said yes, so I ordered decent beers.   Fuck you.  For 6 beers I should've paid $30 plus tip.  It's a typical trick for these midtown places to squeeze their customers for every dime.  Create a happy hour with exceptions, don't mention the exceptions to your customers, DON'T LIST BEER PRICES ON THE MENU, and then "tough shit" to the customer when it's time to close out.  No prices on the menu!?  Are you trying to hide something? I'm going to open a restaurant and invite the entire staff to opening night.  I will serve them all a bowl of dicks and charge $100/inch.	0
Meh, yes its close to my office and yes they have tons of bear on tap and yes their summer drink specials are VERY tasty.  The staff is also very friendly. But I came here for a work event last night and I was pretty surprised by two things: One - their appetizers were unappetizing and actually not very good at all which maybe was a fluke since my longtime friend Jennifer F has declared them to be yummy and she never steers me wrong... Even the presentation of their quesadilla platter was odd - they literally just tossed them on a platter and it looked so messy.   Two - there was another company in addition to mine upstairs so it was pretty crowded, but no one really cared.  What was odd was that the restaurant let the bathroom get turned upside.  There was no TP in there, garbage all over the floor and it stunk.  That either all happened by 6:30 or it was left that way from Wednesday night... I know bars aren't known for their bathrooms, but two companies are hosting happy hour events and no one cared to check on the bathroom?	0
Service sucked. Sat at the bar for five minutes while three bartenders chit chatted in front of us. Never gave us a menu or took a drink order.	0
When I was working a few blocks away, this was my go to bar for post-work happy hours. They're the only bar in the neighborhood that has somewhat interesting beers on tap, not just your standard (and boring) Stella or Goose Island IPA.  But, oh, how the mighty have fallen. I was there for an event last night, and aside from the service being lousy (well, ok, the service was always kind of lousy), I made the mistake of ordering a Whiskey &amp; Soda to mix it up a little. If there was whiskey in that drink I couldn't tell and a $6 seltzer is not what I ordered.	0
I only gave two stars, one for the beer selection available, and one for the waitress svc.  The food was really not good.  We had the spinach and artichoke dip and the buffalo chicken spring rolls, the dip had absoutely no flavor, the chips served with it had more flavor than the actual dip.  The spring rolls came out cold.  Too many places in the area with decent tap selections and more reasonably priced. Don't see a reason to ever go back.	0
This review is for watching Packer Football games. As Packer bars in NY go Three Monkeys seems like a good spot to watch the game. Lots of flat screens a projector upstairs. Volume throughout the game so you can actually hear the game being called. It has a nice ambiance and I really want to like it but.... Hi tops with stools uncomfortable for a long game, no beer specials, no buckets and no pitchers.... Really? For football? No food specials. And what I did order was overpriced, even by theater district standards... All you can do better elsewhere... Pretty disappointed	0
On our vacation in New York, the boyfriend and I were looking for a good bar for beer on tap to just sit back and relax. The selection of beer here is definitely good, but the douchebaggery was almost unbearable. We should have known what we were getting ourselves into the moment we walked in - too-loud music, and people who were trying really REALLY hard to seem like the nonchalant-but-cool kid in class. But we figured hey, it was worth it for this kind of selection of beer in an unfamiliar town. So we sat there minding our own business, trying to focus on the sports news on the flat-screens over the bar. Which normally would have worked, if the douchebag with the popped collar didn't alternate with the too-drunk dumb breezy, rubbing up all over me because they lost their sense of a personal bubble because they were too busy playing aloof with one another. Not to mention that service left a lot to be desired. The chick behind the bar definitely thought she was hot stuff. Haha. To the point where I'm pretty sure she forgot that the point of her being there was actually serving drinks? A lot of the time that we spent at the bar consisted of watching her flipping her rat's nest of a mess of hair around while perpetually holding an empty pint glass with a confused look on her face. We did look forward to this place because a review we read specifically mentioned the lack of douchebaggery, and there were a bunch of different types of beers available. I unfortunately would not agree (about the douchbaggery). I almost choked here.	0
Around the corner from my office.  It's an after work bar for me, meaning that I will only go here when I'm not buying the drinks.  But hey, we're within a stone's throw of Times Square and if you want to overcharge the tourists I totally get it. We do come here semi-occasionally for office get-togethers.  And on these occasions, I have noted that they have an amazingly large beer selection.  It's kind of redic.  And the food is decent too. Another reason for the 2 stars: them people that work there be RUDE.  Like, come on, you're already overcharging me to drinks, not need to have attitude.  We're often on the second floor, and they rent it out to 2 parties at the same time sometimes, and they put up a velvet rope to divide the two, and are very aggressive about us not crossing the line (and by they I mean the bar people, not the other party...)	0
This place reinforces a valuable lesson: the total square inches of HDTV in a place is inversely proportional to how good that place's fancy dishes will taste.  So keep your food selections simple at Three Monkeys, this place has no business serving duck spring rolls, braised short ribs, and truffle chicken sausage.  Way, WAY out of their element with the food - steer clear.  Burgers are standard, overpriced Times Sq. crap, but passable. Big expensive beer list becomes the only option since their outrageously priced mixed drinks are ALL soda.  Hate to pile on, but they also had an atrocious playlist when I went: featuring deep cuts from Indie bands from the early 2000s.	0
It makes no sense to me that Yelp is so excited about Margot restaurant. It is completely mediocre and nearly indistinguishable from the million other Dominican restaurants in the neighborhood. Service is nice.	0
Closed at 7pm on a Thursday?  Not sure if it was a day off or permanent.  Too bad I was looking forward to checking it out after reading the reviews.	0
I don't know if I came on a bad day or what but I was soo looking forward to eating at this place due to the reviews. My friend and I went to this place and I had the famous carne guisada with habichuelas guisadas and arroz blanco. Now the habichuelas guisadas were not that tasty because I've had wayyyy better. The carne guisada wasn't that good either. I'm not saying that it was terrible, but I wasn't impressed with what I was eating. Maybe it was the cut of meat at that time. But I have ate at dominican places that tasted a lot better than this place.	0
came here about 8 months ago and loved the place.  I had had the chicken dish KOTA and thats what i went back for with my date because I remembered that it was literally to die for. Went back last week and the food has changed, the chicken was not what i remembered at all. I don't know why some places can't just stick with something good when they've got it???  Service was so so then and worse now. This pompous skrawney looking waiter guy with a bowtie "helped" us, very unprofessional in his approach, and arrogant. My date wanted to throw her water at him lol. Anyway thanks for embarrassing me!	0
This place is a straight rip off. A salad at panera that is 4.50 is 17 dollars here. saganaki is cheese. There shrimp had no cheese. The mixed grill was for 2...... It was a rediculous amount of money was really good for 1 and McDonald's after this meal was necessary. If you are made of money and don't care about being ripped off go here. If you care about the money you make and theb please stick to michelin restaurant they are still cheaper.	0
Wanted to love this place but they screw you at the bar service. We ordered the medium krya plate and were not given enough bread to finish the dips.  When I asked for more bread the server (demetri) told me he didn't want me to sit and order bread all night w my $20 appetizer among other things. Food was decent but someone must be impressed w their Michelin recommendation because I wasn't.  Terrible service from him a they gave up 2 stars for that.  The Hostess was delightful.	0
Ok $15 greek salad considered of all of 4 tomatoes and 5 cubes of feta with a sprinkle of greens.  It was good but not that good.  It was wicked expensive for a salad.  Unfortunately they lost me on this one and I won't be back although they did get a Michelin 2014 rating.	0
The Greek is just starting out to be fair, but they have a long way to go!  Service was inconsistent: at first we had at least one server, but as the meal progressed we had to ask for bread several times, desert menu twice, and waited for a falsely advertised desert for 20 minutes. It also seemed like all of the wait staff were inexperienced, for example: chicken came out and we were still sitting with butter knives, we had to ask for heftier cutlery. All of the waiters were apologetic... no need to apologize, just be consistently attentive.  Food: Tasty food, small portions however. For desert we ordered the "halva" - this was not halva by any standard definition. Halva is a sesame-based desert, this tasted like a toasted couscous w/honey sorta deal, served with white chocolate. Maybe this is greek "halva"? The food was the best part of the experience, as it should be, but I think the portion sizes need to be more clearly communicated (the appetizer portion of the Grilled Octopus w/ bacon vinaigrette came with 3 small pieces of grilled octopi)  Music: too loud, too obnoxious. At one point "I'm Turning Japanese" came on - the playlist was essentially a "Shitty Top 40s List from the 80s". I'd suggest going to Pandora and typing in Shuggie Otis and let that play for the night Alcohol: Need a better beer selection - they have 2 beers in bottles: Alfa and Heineken - they are essentially the same beer by taste. Not sure about wine or liquor selection, though. I probably won't go back unless I see improving reviews	0
They under cooked my salmon... my friend's burger was so under cooked that it looked like dog meat... they didn't give us silverware... and the waitstaff were dressed so poorly that we didn't even realize that they worked there.  However, once they gave me a new piece of fish... it was pretty good.	0
I was really encouraged by the positive reviews by Yelpers, but I was really underwhelmed by this meal and experience. It all started out awry when the hostess sat a group who had arrived *after* us first. I'm not sure why, but when we questioned her she made up a flimsy excuse about how they left and came back even though I heard them discuss how they needed to put their names on the list. I got the distinct impression that she didn't really want us there, and I have some conspiracy theories but I decided that we should wait it out because we were cold and hungry (-1, maybe -100) Once seated, the server we had was friendly and efficient (+1). But the food we had was just average (-1): -Tater tots with sriracha lacked that extra crispy taste and kick we all hoped for (-1) -Mac + cheese. Totally yum, not overly cheesy and baked to smokey perfection (+1) -2 market veggie plates. This is where things really went off course. We decided to share 2 market plates so we could get a variety of veggies and based this on fellow Yelpers reviews. But the only thing that tasted really good was grilled zucchini with bright red tomatoes and gooey mozza -- great combo. Everything else (green beans, mushrooms, kale, brussel sprouts) all tasted like it had been sitting around. (-1) All in all, I would pass on this restaurant. While the prices were right, the service and food was totally missing.	0
Definitely burned my grilled chicken breast with lemon herbs.  Felt like I was chewing cardboard after awhile. Their farmers market sides however, were phenomenal and better than the actual entree portion itself.  Garlic mashed potatoes and sautéed mushrooms ftw. The whole place reminded me of an Andy Warhol-esque environment.	0
A little disappointed with this place and had an experience that was different from most people on here: a short wait for crappy food. I had read a lot about it online and my roommates had been for brunch so when I was looking for a place to grab dinner with a friend I figured now was the time to try it.  When I arrived my friend was already at the bar so we just decided to stay there even though there were a few tables open. Not sure if it was our location, but service was super fast and we were able to order within 5 minutes after sitting down, which was awesome because after a day at the office we were both v hungry. I ordered the po-boy with a side salad and she ordered the cheeseburger with fries. Food came within 10 minutes and in generous portions. However, after chowing down on my sammich I was hardly impressed. The spicy tartar sauce that came on the baguette didn't seem to compliment the fried cod. The whole sandwich left my mouth parched and I had to asked for regular tartar sauce just so I could get it down. The salad was worse - limp lettuce that looked like it had been sitting around for a while and the "dressing" tasted like it was pure lemon juice. My friend's burger was a little better but also uninspiring. While the place was cute, I expected WAY more from a Zagat-rated restaurant when it comes to quality food. However, I will say that when we left (around 8pm) there was a good 20 people waiting outside in the cold for a table and when I relayed my less-than-impressed opinions to my roommates they said that I should've ordered the market vegetables (which is what they are apparently known for). I probably won't choose to go back here on my own but might go back if friends insist.  2 stars because the ambiance is very artsy-Nantucket-cafe (which I was feeling despite the cramped quarters) and our waiter (Peter) was a peach.	0
Ok here's the deal. Westville is awesome, but not the one on 18th st. The chef at this location is subpar. Food is either undercooked or overlooked. Check out a different Westville location for deliciousness.	0
Ordered the pork chop and it was burnt. I thought maybe it was just the edges.. but all I could taste was char. Had 3 bites of it and some of the mushroom on top. My friend enjoyed his pasta tho, and the sweet potato fries were the only good thing on my plate, and because I love sweet potato (in general) that much.. 2 stars for that. Service was blah. Server only came to check if we wanted dessert.	0
The man in the door was very very rude, i asked him to write my name on the list and i said that my friend is coming 2 min away, waiting time is 20 min and he refused to write my name, he said that my friend needs to be present and he was very rude, turned his back and went inside. i am so pissed off, will never come this place again	0
The staff is incredibly rude and nasty. They exaggerated a wait-time by 1 hour. And were rude to my handicapped friend who needed an accessible seat.	0
I visited Westville in February of this year and I was really disappointed. Everyone raves about this place but almost all of my food was over-seasoned. My co-diner was late and I ordered some food while waiting for her (brussel sprouts and kale, I think) and it was underwhelming borderline terrible (the food was unevenly seasoned so some bites were bland while some were way too salty). I like to have an open mind and since my co-diner was already late, I didn't want to have to scramble to find another restaurant and spend even more time just lingering around. She ordered the sweet potato fries and was a lot more vocal about her displeasure than me. She waved over the waiter who tried some of her fries and agreed with us that the fries were inedible. He replaced the order of fries as a courtesy and was really nice. All in all, I felt I wasted my money and failed to see why this place has such great reviews.	0
I have been standing here for 1 hour just  to be seated. I am so hungry and i wanted to eat so fast	0
Market sides were not as impressive as I had hoped.  Sweet potato fries were definitely the highlight and almost impossible to put down, but the bacon that came with the peas and shallots were chewy, rather than crispy or decadently fatty (as one might expect bacon to be).  The thai noodle salad was also disappointingly bland, without any hint of seasoning to suggest its Asian origins.  The quinoa, however, was a fun dish with refreshing bites of mango and mint, and probably one of the more interesting offerings last night.	0
I'm sad to say that this is probably the worst meal I've ever had in NYC. I'm in town attending a conference and wanted something fresh and tasty for dinner ... I was already in the Chelsea area so I used my Yelp app to find this place. Sad day. The food is fresh, but lacks flavor. The waitress has a serious attitude and has proven to make the experience even less enjoyable. In a city packed full of great food and lovely people, I completely missed the bar by eating at this place. Trust me, go somewhere else.	0
by the staleness of their local produce it seems that their "local" legumes are coming from far far away, but it also seems that "the locals" have taste buds that are far far away. we left perplexed about what the place was all about at least considering that it is always crowded.	0
Food is simple and good.  They get docked a star or two because of their asinine waiting policy. You can't put your name in until your entire party is standing in front. If you ever try to plan ahead and send someone ahead to put your name in (e.g. because you have out of town guests who can't move very quickly) this screws you over. If this was everyone's policy--fair enough, but I have never encountered it before. Lost a customer...	0
Don't get it.  This place is very ordinary and the food was disappointing.  I think this place gets better reviews because its priced well but I thought one could get the same quality of food than any run of the mill bar in the city.	0
For how well spoken of Westville is and how crowded it was the night I went I really had higher expectations for the place. I had their Cod Po Boy sandwich which resembled nothing like a Po Boy - a few measly pieces of cod with some lettuce of maybe cocktail sauce (?) even though it said it came with tartar. The service was also very minimal and the only reason I give it two stars is because the Mexican hot chocolate was decent. Overall not very impressed.	0
I was really excited to try this place since I only live a block away. The menu seemed fresh and inviting and tons of veggie options. The sweet potato tater tots were super bland, which resulted my friend and I resorting to passing the salt shaker back and forth. The quinoa burger special was also ho-hum. The Korean cucumber salad was tasty though. Overall, the meal left me feeling meh... Really surprising how high this place is ranked. But what left the worst taste in our mouth was our very stuck up waitress. In my three months of living in NYC, I've never encountered such rude service. You know the kind of service where somehow you have been made to feel very small. Shame , I really wanted to find a good neighborhood healthy cafe as my go to. I won't be back and neither will my friend,	0
Do you know what a Centipede is? Me either, but according to Wikipedia it's an 'arthropod that belongs to class of the subphylum Myriapoda. Why is this relevant to a dining review of Westville you ask? Read on and find out. The restaurant doesn't accept reservations, which is fine. Wait was about 30 minutes. Which is also fine. No space inside the restaurant, so you wait outside. In February. At night. When it's about 30 degrees. Not so fine.  Now onto the food itself. The menu is fantastic .I decided to get one app (Quesadillas - which were generously portioned) and 4 sides. None of the sides disappointed but our least liked was the fried plantains.  We were finishing up our meal and I was thinking what a great evening this turned out to be, when I see a bug crawling on top of the seat rest behind my date. The bug turns out to be a Centipede. Needless to say this was completely off-putting and ruined our entire dinner. To make matters worse, the waitress (who was super polite and extremely friendly) saw the bug, gasped and walked away. I was expecting at least a free dessert on the house, but that might've been too much. I got home and was curious about their health inspection results (which can be seen here in its entirety: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nychealthratings.com%2Fnycrestapp%2Frestaurantlanding%2F1%2FChelsea%2F15497%2F&amp;s=c3b55a833ce4c4ce08abf2d5da4daa5b4083890597b404cb67d6dd34b7f9aa0c" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">nychealthratings.com/nyc…</a> At least on one occasion I read 'evidence of mice...' I don't think I"ll go hear again, and neither should you.	0
We have been loyal customer to this restaurant for years. 1 months ago we went again with 3 other friends and the waitress told us it would be 30 mins wait. They won't take our name down even though the majority of the party arrived and the other one is in a taxi. The wait ended up being 90 mins and i repeatedly told them i have gestational diabetes and was 7 months pregnant and it was almost 10 PM by then. We didn't get seated till 10:30 PM. Should the waitress quoted us more accurate waiting time, we would have gone somewhere else. Last weekend, we were on our way back to the city and decided to order take out from here. We made very clear orders and when we got home, one of the vegetable plate was missing and when i called to complain, the manager said we live too far to deliver that dish and would only give us a store credit for our next visit. Its very unlikely we would ever go back to that restaurant let alone use those store credit ever.	0
My husband and I finally made it to the Chelsea Westville during a recent trip to the city. We heard about it the last time we were in town, but it was so crowded that we couldn't get a seat that time. So we were looking forward to trying it out after the wait and reading all the awesome reviews. What a disappointment. Despite the fact that Westville claims not to take reservations and had plenty of open tables, the hostess sardined us into what was probably the worst seat in the house, sandwiched in between two other tables, even after we asked for a different seat. I actually had to move the table to get to the booth seat. We couldn't help not overhearing the outrageously pretentious conversations of the hipster couples on either side of us. We quickly decided this would be just a snack, not a meal. The waitress just about went apoplectic when we said we would share a grilled cheese. The sandwich arrived burned. And it wasn't just slightly black, it was charred. The french fries were delicious, though. We ate fast and requested the check, barely able to keep our giggles at the palpable pretension all around us. The waitress seemed surprised that we were ready to go so quickly. She was either a really good actress or super dumb. This place is overrated.	0
I rarely write reviews even when I have a not so good experience, unless something goes really wrong (or good).  I have to say I used to be a fan of Westville until I got a rude and inappropriate reply from JAY STRAUSS with regards to an email I sent complaining about that very sub par dinner delivered to me one night. I wanted to handle the situation discreetly with management of the restaurant rather than calling back (and most likely yell over the phone to the person who's only taking orders and does not deserve to be yelled at) so they can acknowledge what's going on in the kitchen.  It was not my intention to get a free meal or get reimbursed.  So i sent an email via their website and described the burnt fish sandwich I got that night.  My words may have been pretty harse (but I did not use foul language!), which probably describes how angry I was at the moment.  The next day I receive the following email from JAY STRAUSS, unedited: Emily:  We received your email, thank you for contacting us. We appreciate the fact that you've ordered from westville "many, many times", presumably you've enjoyed your meal many, many times.  I'm sorry that there was a problem with your food this one time - ONE TIME.  We stand by our food and take responsibility for mistakes - should there be any. It appears from your email that instead of calling us to discuss your problem with the food (which from our perspective is the mature, civil thing to do) you intend to harm us by posting something on yelp. For this, you should be embarrassed. Well, let me tell you something Jay, I've ordered many many times before, doesn't mean ever time EVERYTHING was good.  If something was lackluster, I probably didn't order the next time - I wouldn't call and complain about every little thing that went wrong EVERY SINGLE TIME! i.e. who serves beets with skin on? And who serves chicken quesadilla with NO CHEESE? It's great you have the backbone to stand by your food, but you certainly did not take responsibility for mistakes made on your end.  The cod fish sandwich was burnt and brown and falling apart, and it wasn't even served with the right sauce.  Says on the menu that its served with homemade tarter sauce, I got some orange sauce with tomato and dill on the bread - is that what your tarter sauce is made of? I might not sound like that big of a deal, but it was really inedible - I took one bite and threw the rest in the garbage [of course I have pictures of it]. As I mentioned before, I didn't call because I didn't want to take my anger on anyone.  I just wanted to pass on the message [and probably wanted to see how your management would handle the situation].  I did mention that I would write a review about this on yelp in my message.  I was waiting on a response with a simple sincere apology and was expecting you to want to remediate the situation so I won't pass on a bad review; never expecting someone would actually write to a customer in such rude manner. So, I'm absolutely not embarrassed to give Westville Chelsea a poor rating for poor customer service! You're the one who should be embarrassed! My company and I will never be ordering from you again! Update:  Just found out that JAY STRAUSS is actually the owner-cook of the Westville.  Very very disappointed this attitude is coming from the owner.  You should know that patrons value good customer service just as much as good food, which you failed in both!	0
This place gave me FOOD POISONING. It frankly wasn't that great even before I realized how sick it made me. If the food poisoning hadn't happened it might have earned 3 stars.	0
Had the fish and chips was disappointed always had good food here. Just avoid the fish	0
This little place in Chelsea is becoming very well known for their brunch which has a slightly Latin flair. We went there for dinner, waited forever for a table because the place is tiny, and then had brussel sprouts with bacon, onion and lemon and almond crusted trout over lettuce with chipotle mayo dressing, sliced pear and lemon for dinner. We sat at the bar and the waiter was super sweet and friendly which definitely added to the experience. They were out of a couple of things on the menu but we were also there late so might not always be the case. I liked my food but probably don't need to go back here.	0
Westville or is it Smallville? The name of Superman's idyllic childhood home came to mind for reasons of size-- this is indeed a rather small restaurant where you will be overhearing your fellow diners' conversations. (Downton Abbey is indeed a great Masterpiece Theater series that aired in January, friends eating salad, seated to my left last night) And while the most famous citizen of Smallville's fatal flaw involves kryptonite, Westville's is in the area of service. I like Westville's premise of using fresh, high quality ingredients (as opposed to stale, poor quality ones) and the menu is certainly rich in American fare options. Specials were abundant and my appetizer of smoky mac and cheese was the highlight of my time here. But while others who were seated after us were given the usual greeting of at least a hello, we sat and watched life go on, two dining pariahs who'd be grateful for at least a nod, a wave or some other form of existential acknowledgment. Finally it came in the form of menus slammed onto the table. I ordered the two hot dog special with fries. These were not just any hot dog but Niman Ranch, where livestock is raised with care, humanely and sustainably. I was unaware of those facts while plunging my teeth into the two grilled dogs that tasted...much like other hot dogs sans the sustainable storyline. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the taste but I was reminded of my hot dog making efforts at home involving a frying pan and toaster oven for the buns. $11 for the two dogs and fries, which were on the salty side. My wife's sausage and peppers w/ mixed greens gave us mixed results. Visually unappealing, the sausage was split open revealing its inner workings. I can eat visually unappealing food but in this case the sausage was surprisingly spicy, a case where unexpected spiciness does not enhance the overall experience. In fact, it's a major deterrent and explains why much of the sausage remained uneaten and not wrapped up to go. Maybe we just didn't order the right dishes? Maybe we should have had the breaded chicken cutlet or grilled salmon? Maybe I should have tried the market side sampler as that mac and cheese was really, really good? We ordered their fresh baked oreo and peanut butter chocolate chip cookies for dessert. No napkins were included and these were large, messy to eat baked goods that result in crumbs and dirty hands. The fresh baked oreo's chocolate top and bottom were hard and there wasn't much icing filling in the interior. The peanut butter chocolate chip was fresher and had powdered sugar on top.  I felt like something was missing during my experience at this Westville. Where's superman to send the earth back in time when you need it?	0
I'd like to review Westville on it's food but unfortunately we never got to eat. We arrived before 8pm last night and put our name on the list for a table. The hipster kid with the green hair, big nose, and skinny pants so tight he's most likely shooting blanks, told us the wait would be 10 to 15 minutes. 30 minutes later our party of four is still waiting outside while everyone around us, including larger parties that arrived after us, have been seated. At this point we're told we're the next party to be seated. We watch two more parties get seated, they also arrived after us. Another 10 minutes and we're told by the host we'd be seated in 10 minutes.  So we left because the appeal of a $12.00 hot dog that can be purchased with a soda for $2.50 at Costco had lost it's allure.  We had an excellent dinner at Socarrat where we were seated immediately and happy to spend our money.	0
Ordered a pick-up order of Sausage and Peppers sandwich for lunch and what I got was best described as a soupy mess. My co-workers meals all looked good. At least they included someone else's meal with ours so I had something to eat. I may try this place again sometime, but definitely not ordering that again.  (I posted a photo of the "sandwich")	0
Worst hostesses &amp; manager experience ever! My mother, boyfriend and I went to Westville on a Sunday afternoon before she needed to catch the train. We put in our name for a table for 3 and proceeded to watch the seating disaster ensue. In stead of seating 3 people at a 4 person table who had arrived 20 minutes before a party of 4 people, the manager seated the party of 4. Additionally, instead of pushing 2 2-tops together to make room for a party of 3 or four, the manager kept the 2 tops open until a party of 2 arrived. It was the most chaotic and unorganized mess. To add to the mess, the manager was openly rude to the hostess and continually grabbed the tattered list of names out of her hand.  I love the food at this restaurant but I will not be back to this location because the manager is horrible!	0
For this neighborhood, this place comes across as charming at first glace - they tap into an Australian concept of serving 'brekkie options' like avocado toast and flat whites which make me long for my study-abroad days in Sydney! And while the food is pretty good (though the coffee has a funky taste that's too sweet and off-putting), you are paying about $13 for toast with avocado for an experience that is pretty much dreadful. you have to basically battle other customers for a table since there is no system in place whatsoever, and often times your food will come out before you're even seated. the pretentious crowd that frequents Little Collins like to far overstay their welcome sipping on their lattes and chatting, while your over-priced food and bad coffee is getting cold as you stand around in this crowded and hostile environment waiting for a table. if you are looking for a leisurely place to drink coffee and eat breakfast, i strongly recommend going anywhere but here. the place is far too small - to the point that it becomes actually stressful to eat here. take your $13+ and go elsewhere, or at minimum take your eats to go.	0
I went to this place a couple of months back.  I really wanted to love it due to the reviews and the whole Australian thing as I'm from Australia.  The cafe is small and I loved the aprons the staff were wearing. Their uniforms and the outfit of the place is cute.  But the coffee is just ok but definitely not worth the hype (unless you have only ever been to a Starbucks or Costa - UK).  I expected the coffee to be as good as the stuff in Melbourne, Australia. The saying is that you won't get a bad cup (of coffee) from any cafe in Melbourne.  But it was not. It was barely drinkable without 2-3 sugars.  A friend wanted to go recently who's Australian, for the food. But when I saw the prices of avocado mashed onto some toast and remembered my first experience, I will just take my money elsewhere.	0
Little Collins is an extremely small coffee shop, it's even smaller when the entire shop is seated with patrons. It was really difficult to place an order on a hot summer day since there's no lines or indication of where you should order. The set up of the coffee shop was very much like a bar. I ordered an iced coffee which was just average, I personally wasn't a fan of the dark burnt smokiness of the bean they used. I might just give Little Collins another try but it's not my first choice for coffee in the city.	0
I haven't been to Australia in 13 years, and that's certainly not because the people there were as rude as the staff here. The staff seemed bothered by 1. my interrupting their coffee equipment maintenance and especially by 2. the fact that I had questions on the prices of the food they had left. It's an interesting little space that I wish I had a better experience at, and given the disconnect on the hours listed on their site (which matches the door) of 5pm closing and FB &amp; Yelp (6pm), I'm not sure I'd return even with another PayPal offer for a flat white or avocado smash (or some brekkie, gloriously served all day). Banana Bread - banana walnut slice pretty thick and heavy on the spice but not on the banana $3.23 -$3.00 $0.52	0
Came out fast, tasted good, but I have to admit I was a little disappointed.  Who charges $13 for a salmon eggs benedict, and serves up one egg and no toast?  What IS this???	0
The barista that served me was totally full of himself. I don't pretend to be a coffee expert, but I did pay my way through college working at an espresso bar so I'm definitely not the idiot he treated me like. I ended up just ordering an iced coffee. When I asked for skim milk he said "Our skim milk is 2%."  WTF?!? No, your skim milk is non-existent. YOU DO NOT HAVE SKIM MILK. That is totally trivial. I would have been fine with 2% milk if he treated me with the slightest bit of dignity and said, "I'm sorry, we don't have skim but we do have 2%."  Needless to say, although I live a few blocks away, I will not be returning. If you're in the area, go to Ninth Street Espresso at 56th and Park. The people there are way nicer and so is the space.	0
I did not have a good experience at this place. The barista, the cashier and some other worker (whose job title I am kind of unsure of) were all fine; they were nice, friendly, and all of that good stuff. Whatever. I just want to be clear about the fact that the staff posed no issue. In fact, one of them even chased me down two blocks because I forgot my wallet. No complaints there. The rest of my experience, however, was just very disappointing. First of all, the pricing was ridiculous. I wouldn't call myself stingy by any means, but non-sit down places tend to be more lenient in their pricing, whereas Little Collins definitely was not. I was surprised at the total. Second of all, there was literally nowhere to sit. I ordered a latte and an avocado toast (both: "for here") and ended up having to awkwardly eat them standing up, feeling as if I was in the way of the barista and other customers. Then, when a table did open up, I made my way over, only to have it taken by someone who saw my intentions to sit down. Hate to be a stick in the mud, but this just really blew. This brings me to number three, the atmosphere. There were tons of people drinking iced coffee tapping away on laptops, taking their time as the place filled up and grew more and more packed. It was quite "scene-y", but without the charm that usually compensates.  The food itself was decent. The avocado toast, or "the smash", was pretty good. The latte was decent, and nice in presentation.  I'm not quite sure why people keep praising Little Collins as being this "cozy" place that is "off the beaten path" because it is on a pretty busy intersection off of Lex, which is by no means the kind of area that houses a cute little coffee nook. It was busy, stuffy, and very full.  If I ever go back, I will surely get everything "to go."	0
The most important thing about a specialty coffee shop is the quality of the coffee. Instead there is too much energy and effort  into making the place look cool.  The barristas made up of mostly post pubescent kids seem more - concerned about how cool they look and talk. So much time was spent fiddling around and looking cool...that by the time my coffee arrived it was cold. Suggestion:  Shut up and make me a good cup of coffee.	0
they must have a bad batch of beans, or not properly cleaned equipment... ordered a coffee for myself and a latte for my partner, to go. neither of us drank beyond the first couple sips before each throwing ours away.  not just "worse than starbucks", but "worse than the coffee that's been sitting in a coffee pot for hours" bonus star for latte art, bringing the total to 1 star instead if wishing yelp would let me give 0 stars	0
Super Expensive. Upscale coffee joint serving lunch sandwiches and salads as well as the usual pastries. Great coffee by the way...	0
The coffee is good, don't get me wrong. But there is one thing that has kept me from ever going here again. I happen to be a big coffee snob, one who is as particular about the type of coffee I drink as I am about the way I drink it. You see, I like my coffee with sugar and half and half. No exceptions. That is just the way I prefer to drink my coffee. And while Little Collins seems to have plenty of sugar, they refuse to procure half and half. Really? You don't want to provide cream? Is that because in Australia they don't take their coffee with cream? Who knows. All I know is that this little basic thing has kept me, who lives practically across the street, from ever spending my money there again. It's a shame, because I spend a fair amount of coffee every month. I would have been a good customer to have. Oh well. Too many other coffee shops in NY who provide the common accessories to coffee drinkers.	0
I really wanted to like this place because it is the closest Aussie coffee shop to my apartment. I was first introduced to Flat White's at the Laughing Man and continued to enjoy them at Toby's Estate. Anyways, I ordered a Flat White here once. It was VERY small and more expensive than the other places. It was delicious but I was frustrated about the size. I came back to this coffee shop a couple of weeks later and just wanted to grab a cup of coffee to go. I was a little hungry so I wanted to put cream and sugar in it. The coffee cost as much as Kaffee 1669 (amazing coffee, worth the price of $3) but the cup was smaller and it was weaker than cart coffee! In addition, this place doesn't have a bar where you can doctor up your own coffee. Instead it feels like Dunkin Doughnuts where you have to tell the cashier how you like your coffee and it is never done correctly. In addition, this coffee place does not have cream-- which either means they are obnoxiously cheap or they are pretentious coffee snobs who think there is only one way to enjoy a cup of coffee. Rude.  Anyways, when I got my coffee it was in a glass cup which is dumb because they don't keep their glasses warm so it sucked the heat out of my drink and I wanted it to go. In addition, the coffee was very light brown. When I took a sip it was cool and tasteless. I was given a new coffee to go but I was still displeased. I dropped that expensive weak coffee in the corner trash and went home to drink coffee how I like it.	0
I usually don't write any reviews, but this place sucks. We got there around 2pm on Sunday. It was not crowed at all and many empty seats were available at that time. But the host girl was talking to some girl without asking other customers who were waiting at the door to be seated. So all of us, around 3-4 tables, we were waiting for like 10 minutes until another girl came out and took us to the table.  The table was downstairs and right next to the stairs. It was really dark. I could barely see my menu. (The lights were finally turned up a little bit later) No servant or waiter came to our table for orders or give us some water. Maybe because people kept passing by our table and we were hidden behind. It was kind of annoying sitting next to the stairs.  After another 10-15mins, a waiter finally came by and took the orders. I ordered the seafood paella, which was told about 20mins to cook. But we kept waiting and waiting for over 30mins for the food. We were so starving and lost our patience. Then we decided to leave if the food still not ready at 3pm. While we were waiting, the guy sitting at the next table was waiting for his check for like 20mins. He asked different waiters for check at least twice (Probably even more, I just didn't see it). But he seems not in a rush, and still got his temper. When he got the check, he put his credit card first, but then he took it back and just left some cash. I guess he just didn't want to wait more time to sign the bill, so we decided to pay by cash too. Finally, at 2:59pm, when we almost decided to leave, the guy brought our food. It's been almost an hour since we got the restaurant. The food is just ok, definitely not worth the long wait. The seafood is kind of overcooked and very salty. We have to drink a lot of water for each bites. But again, they won't notice your empty glasses. You have to tell them again and again to get more water.  We finished the food in 20mins (yeah we were starving after waiting for an hour) and wanted to ask for the check. But no waiter or servant around. They didn't even see our raising hand. All of them (like 4-5 guys with 1 guy looks like the boss) were very busy. You can't tell who's the waiter who's the servant, bc they all clean the tables, bringing the dishes, taking the orders, even the reception girl was here downstairs bringing some tables the drinks. I have to admit all of them looked busy, but just nobody came to our table and check if we need anything. Literally we wanted to just leave the cash on the table and leave. After telling them several times for the check without any patience, it took another 10mins to get the check finally. We just left the cash.  When we went out it was almost 4pm. A 2hour lunch which we only eat 20minutes. Such a waste of time. I would never come back to this place again. Maybe we were just not lucky enough, but to me it absolutely doesn't worth 4stars. Terrible service and everything is soooooo slooooooooow!!!	0
PioPio used to be a great place with delicious food and drink and also very attentive service. No longer that good. Service was very slooooooooooooow! Food not so good. Very soggy jalea and frozen pre-cooked shrimp used in the ceviche. The restaurant itself is dirty and falling a part. Restrooms are filthy and no one seems to care. Awful experience this time.	0
Horrible service and average food. Came here on Easter Sunday around 2:30PM. Waited 20 minutes for the hostess to seat us, even though the place was half Empty with no one in front of us. The Hostess was busy first talking to another employee and then on the phone without even acknowledging us.  The bad service continued when we got seated. Took 10 minutes to get some water. The waiter took our order: mixto ceviche and paella. Was told paella will need 20 minutes. Fine. 45 minutes later the food finally shows up. It wasn't bad but was not greater either and definitely not worth putting up with the horrendous service for. PS it took us 4 attempts and 15 minutes to get our check. Was going to pay by card but decided to pay cash since did not want to waste another 15 minutes waiting for them to bring my card back	0
First time I came here I was impressed with the space and decor. Service seemed to be good and food was simple but quantity was good for groups.  Second time I decided to bring my family, even with a reservation the girls at the front were confused and quite rude. Had to wait around 20 min before finally being seated after all the confusion, and the food was just okay. Most likely not going back as it's pretty bland for Latin American food and the service made it a subpar experience.	0
I normally don't leave reviews but my disgust with the management, food quality, and employee on the phone taking the orders drove me to make a Yelp account and leave a review.  First of all, I have ordered from this place before - always by phone. The food lacks any real flavor and is a poor excuse for Peruvian cuisine - especially in NYC where there are many better options (spend your money elsewhere).  Today, the hostess answering the phone hung up multiple times when I was trying to leave my order so I resorted to online ordering. I ordered over 150$ worth of food, including the 14$ Arroz Chaufa, WHICH EXPLICITLY SAYS "Peruvian style chinese fried rice mixed with chicken, eggs, bean sprouts, onion &amp; soy sauce". The order came with no chicken. When I called to ask why, they said that I did not specify to add chicken on their online ordering website. Now, I go back to double check the online ordering website to make sure Im not crazy, and the options include "NO CHICKEN OR VEGETABLES ONLY" of which I checked neither (lets not even mention the fact that both of those options basically mean the same thing)... Correct me if Im wrong, but i don't think one has to specify to add chicken to a dish advertised as including chicken... Now, after the hostess starts arguing with me and telling me that there is nothing she can do and I would have to pay for a whole new order if I want chicken sent, I ask to speak to the manager. The manager, more disrespectful than the hostess, tells me that its my mistake and, again, that i would have to pay for a whole new order.  The blatant disrespect of customer courtesy has left me shocked and I will never order from a place that is such a poor representation of a rich culture again. Spend your money elsewhere, where it is appreciated and where your food will have some sort of flavor.	0
I ate here for the first time, back in September and we arrived at 10pm. (1hr before closing) and was told I couldn't order a dish I wanted because it takes to long to cook. I thought that was odd and a bit rude, but ignored it.  Today is a Tuesday and I attempted to make reservations for Saturday. I called 4x, the first 2x I was told to hold then I was hung up on. The 3rd time I was told to hold and was transferred to a full voicemail box. The 4th time i called and told the girl who answered  (Kimberly I think her name was) my frustrations. With no apologies, she told me they were totally booked for Saturday.  Overall this place's food is just ok. I like the ambience and thought it would be cool to take my friends to. But customer service sucks!!!!!!!!!!!! I would never eat here again. Because if they treat you this rude God knows what they are doing to your food when you are not looking.	0
2.5 stars First of all, this restaurant is quite large. You'd never know by walking in the front door but there is a large dining room downstairs.  The restaurant is supposed to be known for its chicken and ceviche.  I didn't get a chance to try the chicken, but the mixto ceviche was decent. The lomo salto was just average. The quality of meat was good, but the dish itself wasn't anything special and expensive for what it was.  The worst thing about this restaurant is the service. At 3 pm with a half empty restaurant , we expected faster and better service. The food took a long time and our waiter was always hard to track down.  This place has potential, but didn't win me over.	0
I work around the area and my colleagues mentioned this restaurant had good food and was very inexpensive for a decent amount of food. So I decided to stop by and check it out for myself.... Appearance wise it is very elegant and everything from tables, chairs and cups are in tact although I'm not sure why the hostess is placed in the outside area where it is freezing cold where she was literally wearing a coat (that is torture! Especially in New York winter weather)  I originally placed my order for take out because I was on my lunch and I planned to take it back to my job and eat it there boy was that a mistake! I only ordered a small appetizer (salchipapa) because I never have a huge appetite and because I thought it would be easy to cook and get out quickly the hostess reassured I would get my food quickly because it was so small but that was untrue because it took me 25 mins to get my food and at that point I just asked for it to be considered a stay in because I already wasted half of my lunch by just waiting. So what did I learn here? Umm, to call in advance for pick up or take out!  Overall the food was good but then again it's just French fries and small bits of hotdogs. The bar area is pretty decent with many options to drink.	0
I have been so PIO PIO three times: the first two times were amazing but the third time not so much. My friend wanted to go here for her birthday so the six of us went! first of all we got seated in between two other large parties so it was a lot of pushing, shoving, and excuse me when we wanted to go to the bathroom! Also one of the parties were drinking and got a bit rowdy and we have to ask them to Calm down more than once. Another issue was that our table was not set for six people we repeatedly asked for more silverware glasses etc. and have to wait about an half an hour before they gave it to us. Also I repeatedly asked for a glass of water which did not come until about halfway through my dinner. I think our waiter was disappointed that no one ordered drinks and that's why we did not get great service. By the end of the night we were all pretty disappointed and on top of that the waiter came back complaining about his tip! Now I just checked my bank account and realized I was charged twice for my meal. The food was fine but terrible service. I do not believe I will be eating here ever again!	0
We enjoyed dinner...but we bought a cake from the outside and they are charging us $20 to just cut the cake. I HAVE NEVER HEARD SUCH A RUDE THING!!!! Not cool Pio Pio management.	0
For the life of me I cannot understand what the hype of this restaurant is. I came in with my family, it was an interesting restaurant scene where you walk into a large room and then down the stairs, everything from thereon was downhill (Literally and figuratively). They charge 25+ dollars for chicken on the bone, which taste no different than rotisserie I get at Costco for six bucks. My father mistakenly ordered the Salchichas and french fries, which were chopped up hotdogs sloppily displayed over a plate of french fries. I can't blame him for ordering this though, because there is nothing else on the menu beside the Boston market special. If you're going to drop over 200 bucks on dinner for six, make it worth it.	0
People loves this place and I just don't get it - I thought it was because I went to the murray hill location, and so last minute changes and instead of eating Fried Chicken and Waffles, I had to meet E all the way in HK and this location is definitely not like the other locations. The facade looks like a fine dining restaurant rather than Pio Pio. They sat us downstairs, and the interior looks cool and all, but the designer didn't think about the noise level that bounces off the walls covered in timber. It was super loud, I couldn't even hear anything that E was telling me here. E ordered us the following items: Ensalada De Avocado sliced avocado, fresh lettuce, tomatoes and vegetables, tossed in a homemade dressing. - seriously, I could have made this salad. Like nothing about this salad was hard or complicated.....bleh. Salchipapa sliced frankfurters &amp; french fries - the frankfurters were the only thing that I didn't mind eating and that's not saying much Ceviche Mixto * fresh corvina, shrimp, octopus &amp; calamari marinated in lime juice &amp; mixed with red onions, cilantro and rocoto hot pepper, served with sweet potato and choclo corn - heavily breaded and just not good Juanita's Chicken one whole rotisserie chicken marinated in mama juanita's authentic recipe - eh, boring. You have to constantly dip this chicken into the green sauce just to make it semi good. I am sorry, but this dish is lame, why do people love this? I got hot green tea, because I don't eat this sort of food and I love how they serve you tea without a saucer, where in the hell am I going to put my used tea bag? I also got food poisoning here - seriously, been here once and now twice....never again.  I am not a fan of this place and I still don't get the hype.	0
Lets start by saying that Eating RAW chicken is a Big No No...so be aware that we had the matador and The First chicken was sent back due to being undercooked( red bloody inside), then the second one that came again!!! Rawwwww. Please check the status of your meat before you take a bite or serious illness like salmonella could happen to you.... Do to poor lighting conditions is very easy to mistakenly eat the whole chicken thinking Is cooked. The manager apologized, that was nice, but who knows how many people today will be sick due to Raw Chicken.... Never again I will go to Pio Pio to eat the famous matador... Maybe I'll be back for the sangria...;(	0
I really don't know what all the great reviews are about. I recently when to Pio Pio with a group of 8 and I don't think 1 person was wow'd or even moved enough to say they'll be back.  Where to start?  Our waiter either hard of hearing or did not speak enough English to be serving food.  He offered his assistance if we had any questions with the menu...cue the Vegetarian referrals for my wife. The birthday girl was seated closest to the waiter and said "She's vegetarian" pointing to my wife. Usually that's enough for any waiter to start pouring out suggestions of what she can eat "Congratulations" is what ours said then turned away. Full on beer and free hot dogs from Rudy's I was looking for more of a little something not so much a meal. At this point we decide we'll just split the Asian fried rice with veg instead of chicken and a salad. I ordered with the waiter in Spanish to ensure there was no meat and my order was correct. The Rice - For $16 I think there was less then in your average Large take out container. I know we're in a NYC restaurant, but come on were talking $16. There is a way to justify $16 rice, but then it has to be good and this was not. It literally just tasted like soy sauce and not a thing else. I eat vegetable fried rice all the time and this was very low on the charts...by take our standards.  The Salad - Never Came. Come on man I ordered in Spanish...You confirmed in Spanish.  The Sangria was Ok. At the end of the meal of course everyone did the whole"How was yours" thing.  When I literally heard the word "Meh" at one point I realized... 2 Stars. I must say it's really nice inside.	0
Never go here! I forgot my credit card and they charged almost $200 days later. When I called they hung up on me twice. Horrible customer service and not worth your money. I was really nice about it since I canceled my card I wanted to only let them know that it was being used fraudulently at their restaurant and they plain out hung up on me while I was explaining. All he said was "well that is weird" and then beeeeeep.  You don't want to eat somewhere where they do this to their customers... smh	0
I love the food here but, the service was so bad!  It's hard finding interesting places in this area but Pio Pio is a place I normally refer as a concierge.  However, I recently came here with a fellow concierge who works in the area and the service was terrible!  Why are you ignoring us!!!! Especially when I am sitting there with my super hot Brazilian friend!!!!  Please serve us!!! Don't make us beg!!!!	0
Came to dinner at this place in a party of four after hearing great things about the food and ambiance. The food I'd say is a solid 4 stars due to uniqueness - I don't think I've ever encountered a restaurant in the city that serves this variety of food - and for the ambiance. The service however, is horrendous. This was by far the worst service experience I've ever had in NYC and it's a shame given how nice the food and ambiance is. Food - flavorful, unique food that's served in generous portions. Also great for groups since the four of us only had to order two items and we were fully covered. Any of the chicken dishes should be good, as our chicken was extremely tender and flavorful. The food quality is solid, and the sauces that come with the sides (e.g. plantains, fries + sausages, etc) add panache Ambiance - really interesting interior and great decor. Gives off a this amazonian vibe that adds to the food experience. A bit dark in the inside, but spacious seating especially given the area. Service - extremely terrible service. We weren't assigned a waiter and none of them spoke English properly (not a big deal) but they couldn't understand anything we asked for and required us to repeat orders multiple times in the already loud restaurant. Something that really annoyed our group was that when the restaurant undercharged us by 50% - we told the waiter, but he didn't express any sign of gratitude and it took him 25 minutes to reissue the check, which delayed our Friday night plans. We were extremely upset after all this wait and the waiter didn't apologize, and said the manager was away. Finally we demanded some form of compensation for the lost time, and the waiter gave us a dessert, in which he made the four of us split it, which was a super cheap and disappointing move. Extremely sub-par/below average relative to NYC service standards that ruined my Friday night and I would never make me want to come here again.	0
Food was great. Management or whoever takes down reservations sucked. If they lose your reservation, you will be seated in front of a cold door. I hope all gratuity that was included on the bill goes to waiting staff and kitchen. While the food was really good, i wont ever go back... NYC has many other great chicken spots.	0
The hostesses were confused. They seated 2 parties ahead of us even though we placed our name on the list earlier and had the same number of people in the party. The lighting was almost too dim. The basement dining room was very loud.  Good news is that service was great. Drinks came out fast. Food came out fast. Presentation of the food excellent. The portions appropriate.  Be prepared to shell out some cash though.	0
Good food but terrible service, especially the host girls. I went the restaurant  around 9pm without reservation, but I saw there were plenty empty tables. One of host girl told me it would be 45 mins wait, I was about to leave, but there were 2 other customers walked in n asked if there r table available , n she YES! ........many things happened after I heard that. Good food but I ll never go back.	0
The restaurant is mostly underground, and decorated modernly. The noise level is waaaayyy too loud though. I could barely hear the conversation. I ordered the filet mignon with vegetables. it was ok, the tomatoes and onions were cooked well. I also enjoyed the passion fruit mojito :) The main reason for minus stars: - A giant hair in my food, barf - Noise level - Could not understand waitress - No cell phone reception (but also a plus???)	0
Don't call yourself Pio Pio "Hells Kitchen" if you don't deliver to all of Hells Kitchen. I even offered to pay extra for delivery. I even offered to meet the damn guy 2 blocks away (where they will deliver.. but those 2 blocks are just.. well, too much) and all of that without even offering a solution. Just plain no. Well, if you don't care for my business, I don't care for yours. I love their food, but the service is lousy. I'll take a walk over to Whole Foods, thank you very much.	0
Price is double of what is advertised here. The staff or owner is not apologetic about it either. It's a kind of service that makes you question the entire approach of this restaurant. I won't recommend it	0
Food was good as expected since I've been to the other Pio Pio locations in NY. I was very disappointed with the manager. My friend's son bit his glass cup and broke it with his mouth. Thankfully, the kid is ok but the manager made it sound like it was our fault. He said these glasses are very dainty and flicking it would break it. He didn't even apologize or offer to comp any of our food. Next time give the kid a plastic cup!	0
I like the atmosphere and the vibe but honestly I'm not sure why the place was so busy. The food was very mediocre. I felt like everything left me wanting more. I will say the rotisserie chicken was the exception; great flavor and the meat fell off the bone. I also had rice and beans, fried plantains, French fries with small sausages and a side salad. All of these were lacking flavor. I felt like everything needed sauce. I would not recommend this place; just don't believe the food was that great.	0
This is place is like a 3.9.. I can't round up..I'm sorry... There are many pluses to this place... but... for me? I just can't give it 4 stars... b/c my heart dips... just ever so slightly when the word pio pio 8 is mentioned... not a bad dip... not of anger... but one of unjust and sorrow.... why? Well, while the space is great... and atmosphere is nice.. I've been to the other pio pio's and it's a fancier shi shi version with a smaller menu... Ok, ok, I shouldn't compare...but how can i not... it's like... the same name... think about if you walked into a mcdonalds and all they had was the big mac and quarterpounder and it was double in price.... that's why it's under 4 stars.. the food is good, i loved the frenchfries and sausage with the mighty tasty green hulk sauce... and the chicken is solid... I had the paella type dish but wasn't impressed... it was small and not hot.. paella should be hot. these are fundamentals that every yelper should agree on.  Service is good, great for parties, they have a huge space downstairs... I'd rather go to the other pio pio's... double the menu, more food, and for cheaper!	0
If I could give this place less than one star, I would. As I'm writing this, we are a party of seven. The first four of us arrived at 6:35; the last three around 7:30. We had called ahead and were prepared for an hour wait, so we knew this ahead of time. However, when five of us specifically stated that we were ready to order at 7:15, and there were at least two open tables capable of accommodating our party's size, nothing was done. It is now 9pm, and we are still not seated. No one has checked in on us--we have to keep going to them to ask what the progress is. I'm astounded by the lack of professionalism at this establishment. There have been a few open tables, and I understand that they might have been reserved, but seriously, in the almost three hours we have been waiting, we would've been done, and whoever reserved those tables would not have been affected. Why am I still waiting? Because I have to eat, and it's useless at this point to find another place. But be warned, I am not tipping, and I am not recommending this place to anyone!	0
Food is not that great , service isn't too great either seems like they rush you out when they have people waiting. Had better Peruvian food	0
Peruvian cuisine? I think not. Upon browsing the menu, I was excited to see many traditional dishes, yet the plates did not live up to the hype. We were served aji, but no canchita, which is a Peruvian custom. Appetizers. Ordered choros and a medley of appetizers that resembled Taco Bell rather than Peruvian cuisine. The choros were lacking heat and the aderezo was poor in itself. I under the aji de gallina, which tasted more like some sort of Italian cheese pasta than actual aji de gallina. Any way the food was rather lackluster and no where close to authentic and the service was poor and un attentive. The atmosphere however was the best part of the experience . You want real Peruvian cuisine cross the bridge into jersey and go to any corner store in Kearny.	0
First off I must say the food is great and service was great but the only thing that gives this place a 1 star is the dishonesty. Pouring rain when we tried this place and came inside to find a beautiful restaurant. Got a drink at the bar while waiting to be seated and we left our cheap umbrella on the chair at the bar. We were sat at a different table to eat dinner and after dinner we realized we left our umbrella at the bar. When we went back to the chair we left the umbrella at, a gentleman who had been sitting at the seat said he gave it to the young hostess and asked her to put it in lost and found. When she was confronted she was very sketchy. She lied and said she put the umbrella in the lost and found and that someone most had taken it. She also got very pissy and told us it wasn't her job to keep up with lost umbrellas. After she was confronted she got very offensive and left after being extremely rude claiming she would go get her boss. There was a security camera above the lost and found so we were going to have them run the camera back to see if it was really Stolen (keep in mind the gentleman at the bar just gave her the umbrella to place in lost and found) Her boss came in apologizing and he left to go talk to her. She must have confessed to him because he came to the hostess stand and found the umbrella shoved in the back of a close at the hostess stand. The dishonest hostess was trying to take the cheap umbrella home for herself. What has this world come to? If she really wanted that umbrella we would have given it to her without thinking twice but that's beside the fact. If you visit this restaurant enjoy the food but watch out for the crooked, dishonest employees.	0
The chicken was soooo dry. It was like powder in our mouth. Do not order the cold Potato dish either	0
I will preface that the food is great. The wait staff is pretty good too. If I could break down the star rating, they would both get 4 stars. BUT the management is horrendous, which resulted in a bad experience. So I'd give management 0 stars. Hence the 2 stars listed above...  What happened to "the customer is always right"? I called and made a reservation for 20 people in advance and asked them twice if they would be able to accommodate my party, which they confirmed...Then when I arrived the night of the reservation, they said they didn't have my reservation in their system. However, one of the hostesses recalled my phone call and said they would accommodate us. Then, a couple minutes later a manager claimed that that hostess was confused and mistook my reservation for a different one. He said that only managers put parties of that size in the system and that the managers didn't know about my reservation. He said that it could have been either my mistake or theirs, they weren't quite sure (it was definitely theirs) ... So basically, the manager was calling his receptionist/hostess incompetent. He was calling me a liar. And, he did not offer us an apology. I'm sorry, but when you call a restaurant to make a reservation, they take down you're information and you confirm that they can accommodate your party, at what point do you as a customer think to yourself -- wait maybe I should stop talking to this receptionist/hostess (who sounds capable of taking down all my information) and instead ask for a manager... You don't! You assume that the receptionist/hostess takes reservations every day and that they are more than capable of securing a reservation without a managers assistance. So they claimed to have no recollection of my reservation. In order to accommodate us, they sat us right in front of the door (it was 20 degrees outside). Normally they probably don't sit anyone in that section because it was extremely cold making the dining experience very unpleasant and uncomfortable. Net net, I will not be returning to this location of Pio Pio.	0
Dont believe the 4 start hype here.  I had the Drunken Noodle (Kea Mao) and the Red Curry Chicken.  Both lacked flavor, the curry was extra runny, and the vegetables/bamboo shoots were not crisp (like they were sitting in the coconut milk for way to long).  I would recommend trying another Thai restaurant in the area  The ambiance here is great but I dont eat ambiance.	0
Hostess did not have a clue what was going on in her restaurant. Telling us there were seats at the bar when there were none and then unable to seat us.  Food was alright but not exceptional. The best part to me was the puff. Winter dessert (fried banana with coconut ice cream) didn't taste anything like the ingredients.  Was reasonably priced but did not have a good experience. Don't know what the big deal is about this place.	0
Very meh. We have lived on the UES for years and have been eager for a good thai place to be a go-to (there's a dearth up here!). We were really disappointed. Tom Kha (with veggies) was watery and flavorless. The Tom Yum soup was also bland, with no kick like it should have. The veggies in both soups seem like an afterthought -- a stick of carrot, a piece of lettuce, one grape tomato sliced in two. It was very strange.  Sautéed veggies with tofu and ginger sauce was okay, but a very tiny portion for the money. Same with the pad see ew, which was fine I guess but really small portion. Definitely nothing special, I'm sorry to say.	0
Oh Boy, no good thai on the upper east side :( Delivery was quick so that was good but the food was bland, cold and kind of gross.  Their shrimp and crap rolls were disgusting, really disgusting.  I'm glad i tried it, now I know i need to avoid it.	0
I am an Irishman therefore I am a dog lover but I don't like dogs in my domain or on my  restaurant went to go eat and a dog was inside the restaurant just not clean just not legal I will be not back The owner just posted back, saying it was legal dog, still gross, still won't be back  And the dog I saw had no service vest or tags	0
Come on guys. 2.5 star, I hate giving bad reviews because I work in hospitality so I always feel bad rounding down because I know how hard it is. But, seriously, I came here with high expectations of some authentic Thai as per the Yelp reviews but was seriously let down.  Came here for the lunch special on a week day. The decor is nice and modern; the space is big. But, the food falls flat, or, they just try not to give you a good value with the lunch special.  I got the chicken pad thai (my favorite) with my choice of a soup.  Sadly, I was only allowed to get a "clear soup" which I'm not sure even passes for a soup- more like water, bland tofu, barely edible chicken, frozen veggies and a LOT of oil.  What's the point of offering this if you won't give people a taste of your Tom Yum or Tom Kha Gai, even if you have the skimp down on the portions (which they did- but that's fine).  Same with the other appetizer they let you pick for this special- I opted for the Crispy Veggie Spring Roll. Very oily and not yummy. As for the pad thai itself... this was the most disappointing.  Where's the peanut? Where's the tamarind sauce? There was no flavor in this except for oil!   Maybe their stir frys are more authentic but Not worth returning.  Maybe I got the wrong thing, but if you have Pad Thai the authentic way- you'll know this is something the Thais take seriously.  Try Jaiya up the street or Thai Peppercorn on 90 and 1st.  My waitress was nice and sweet though; worst $10 I spent today.	0
They're really rude about seating people at tables. We reserved a table for 3 but when one person was delayed because the subway wasn't running - they told us they couldn't hold the table for more than 10 minutes and we could not sit down with the 2 of us and order for him. I was kind of annoyed - and another person there was also arguing with them about their table as well.	0
Did I come on an off day? I was so excited to eat here after reading the reviews! Came here for my birthday lunch and the service...cold...just like the food! Spices were on point but all my dishes were lukewarm to cold. They brought everything out within 5 minutes apart. I think we caught the end of the lunch rush which showed in the food and service.	0
I'd like to first note that I do not like most Thai restaurants in the country. I find that there is way too much sugar added to the dishes (on top of the sweetened coconut products used in most Thai food), and I find it very off putting. As someone who has had genuine/home-cooked Thai food, I guess my standards are kind of high.  The positives of Up Thai are the atmosphere and interesting drinks. While I did not order any of the cocktails, they looked promising. The interior is very pretty and welcoming. However, as soon as I tasted my Thai iced tea I grew wary. While not incredibly sweet, it was much too sugary for my liking. My boyfriend and I ordered three entrees, but, thankfully the order was messed up and we only got two entrees. One was some kind of rice in a pot (I think. It was something carb-y with a bunch of protein in a pot) and the other was a supposedly spicy curry. Both were so saccharine to the point of being inedible. The curry was not even spicy. When I asked for some kind of spice, our waiter brought out a variety of sauces and seasonings. Of course the "chili flakes" given to me was the MSG/salt packed chili that one is meant to use sparingly in dishes. My boyfriend and I couldn't even finish half of our food. What a waste.  I suppose Up Thai is a good place to go for those who enjoy American-Thai food. I've noticed that most Americans who have never had the pleasure of trying authentic Asian cuisines enjoy their "Asian" food more when it is sweetened. However, it is safe to say that I will not be returning to Up Thai. It's quite overrated and overpriced for the quality of food being served. I don't like my meals being masked in pounds of sugar.	0
their tom yum was really bad. i don't think i can even call it tom yum. it was tasteless, watered down, and just sour (not spicy, no lemongrass taste). pad thai &amp; fried rice was yummy. loved their mango mojito &amp; thai tea. fried banana &amp; ice cream dessert was good. gratuity is mandatory &amp; expensive. service was nice. the ambiance &amp; food presentation was what really took my heart. sukhumvit 51 has way better food while this place just looks nicer.	0
This is the second time I have been to this restaurant. The first time was a great experience. However I would not expect the second time to be so poor. Just about everything went wrong: we waited forever for a server to come over to our table; our server barely spoke a word of English; after ordering, we waited forever for the food to come. When the food came, it was really just so-so. The fish which in our case was the Alaskan cod, was dry and tasted a bit like wood. I love pork fried rice, but I did not love the pork in my fried rice. The interior of the restaurant is nice and the place was pretty full and had a nice energy. But unfortunately one for two does not make it for me so I will not be going back. It is a great block for food, &amp; I love the Iranian restaurant next door, which I have now tried three times and it has been 3 for 3, and has the amazing outdoor seating.	0
Owner Joe messaged me and apologized the day after I posted my review and offered a refund while still implying that I must be allergic to "something else" because the items on their menu were gluten free (yes, I am sure toasted bread under your chicken satay qualifies as gluten free). I answered and thanked him and expected an answer so I could get my money back but I haven't heard back since. I spent 4 days sick because of the gluten poisoning I got at Up Thai. Very disappointed with both the food and the customer service.	0
Very, very confused by the hype around this place. Ordered delivery through Seamless at about 8pm on Sunday night. Delivery estimate said 30 to 40 minutes. I ordered papaya salad and Pad Krapraw over rice. Email came through confirming my order, with a delivery time of 60-75 minutes. Uh oh.. Food wound up showing up about 90 minutes later. Not a tragedy and would have been fine with it if the food was worth the wait. Honestly, it really wasn't. I'm not sure if it's just what I ordered, but I found everything to be pretty bland and very greasy. The papaya salad was soggy and had no kick to it at all. Papaya salad should be bright and crisp, with an underlying heat. Up Thai's papaya salad was just a stringy, watery mess of papaya and soft peanuts.  I moved on to the Pad Krapraw with tofu. It was extremely oily and not at all spicy, despite my request to make it "extra Thai spicy." The tofu came in huge boulders, floating like icebergs in a sea of oil. There were maybe two peppers hidden in the dish, with everything else just a brown mess of sauce. I dumped the rice in and mixed it all up, but even that did little to sop up all the grease. Not bad tasting, but not flavorful at all. There was really just nothing to it, no heat, no flavor, no nothing. Overall, I was extremely disappointed with the food and service. The exorbitant wait time, coupled with the subpar food, made this a major letdown. For $25 including tip, I could have done much better ordering somewhere else.  1.5 stars, two thumbs down!!	0
This review is for delivery:  I ordered the Chef Specialty Thai Mussels. The bag leaked all over the place when I received it. There was no garlic bread despite it being listed on the menu and the broth was flavorless. This is my first experience with Up Thai and while the sticky rice was delicious I don't think I will be ordering from them again. It's a shame because there are so few Thai restaurants on the UES.	0
Kitchen very slow. Waitress not very attentive. Chicken noodle soup mediocre at best. Would not recommend.	0
Good appetizers. Terrible slow service on a Monday night. Ordered the duck and it came out wildly dry and tasted awful as a result. They need to take a lesson from Pure Thai in Hell's Kitchen.	0
I cannot understand the 4.5-star rating here and am writing my first Yelp review because I felt so misled by a resource I trust. I am not bitter - pleasant, helpful staff was the highlight - seating us before our third person arrived, for instance.  However, our 3 entrées and appetizers were mediocre and ambience had potential but does not quite get there, in part because of the table layout in the back - avoid the central tables. If we had sat somewhere else on a less busy evening (it was a Tuesday) and ordered differently I still do not see how this could be more than a 3- or perhaps 3.5-star place. I theorize that location and relative youth of clientele have something to do with the sterling rating.	0
Went to this place for lunch last Sunday. Service was terrible. We standed there for 5 minutes and no one was asking us, although there were plenty of open seats. I ordered green curry and the rice was half-cooked...never had this before in a NY restaurant. Don't know how come this place can get such high reviews.. Will definitely pass this place.	0
The service is nice but the food was pretty blase. I had a crock rice dish with mixed seafood. It was filling but tasted like leftovers. Total tab for 2 before tip was $77.31	0
If I could rate this place 0 stars I would. I read such great reviews about this place. Then yesterday me and my coworker ordered good from here. We were waiting for about 45 minutes when the delivery man called and asked the address. After repeating it to him about 5 times he told me he doesn't know where that is and he's not coming. I immediately called the restaurant telling the woman who took my order that he said he was not coming. She was astonished and said he didn't speak English but that she would call him. After about 2 minutes she returns my phone call and explains to me that he said he's not coming to deliver my food because he doesn't know where it is. Then why is he a delivery man if he doesn't know his way around manhattan and especially such easy address as where my work place is. She said she doesn't know why he's acting like that but she apologizes. I wanted to know how was I suppose to receive my food I've been waiting for , for over an hour. I demanded to speak to a manger but she was not in. I do not recommend this place to anyone. They have horrible service and horrible delivery people. People of manhattan beware, you delivery man might not want to come to deliver to you! I have still yet to call them back but when I do there better be free food involved for the extreme misunderstanding.	0
delivery took forever	0
Worst experience ever, Waiter did not get our order right, then had to wait almost an hour for  the entrees to even be served. The party next to us was seated after us and left when our food is served. The other party had the same amount of food we ordered and we basically watched our neighbors eat the entire time. The Pad Thai was terrible, Felt like I was eating plastic, and the Rice and beef was over cook. I would never go back there again.	0
Nothing to write home about. The food is American Thai food... bland... The salads are too sweet, most of stuff made from frozen and packaged stuff. My soup was way too salty. I believe they use MSG. All kinda smells the same and is not good. We won't be coming back. I just question of the restaurant hired a PR firm to get good reviews on Yelp? --- just saying... Try it... You will know it...	0
Please do not listen to the reviews about this place.  I just ordered the steak burrito and Epazote fries.  What a disappointment.  "It's a burrito," you're thinking, "how do you screw That up?"  Umm, throw in some bland cottage style cheese and white rice.  Also, the few bits of steak in the rito' were charred to a crisp, leaving only a burned taste behind.  Also, you paired fries with a burrito.  They don't go together.  The fries were the best part though, but when you eat the green stem that's used to flavor it, it's quite bitter.   Here's what you get- a smaller burrito, less meat, NO FLAVOR.  Holding out hope they offer something better, but after such a bad dinner, I'm not that inclined to try it again. Considering all the other places in the neighborhood, they've got a lot of work to do. -UPDATE!! Just got a response back from the owner. She said "I can't take your review seriously". And "I'm sorry you failed to be a part of our team."  Uh...that's not how it works.  You failed to attract a customer who lives 1 block away and eats out with his girlfriend 4 times a week.  That's failure on your part, not mine.  Also, don't try slamming the competition. All I said was their burritos were better, much better.  Address the blandness of yours.  I even said what was bad about it- burnt meat, bland rice, and tasteless cheese.  I kind of left the door open to try something new at your spot figuring maybe it was an off night.  Not anymore.  All you had to say was "steve, sorry you had a bad experience.  I promise you, next time will be better!"  Your food was bad, but your response was even worse.  No desire to patronize your spot anymore.	0
WORST PLACE EVER! Unfortunately Had dinner there this week, Huge mistake! The food was pretty bland, drinks are weak, and the place is the size of a closet. These reviews are definitely over rated. I guess people can't distinguish between mediocre food and the real deal. Prices are reasonable but I would definitely rather pay a few bucks more and enjoy an edible dinner. Didn't finish our dinner, left most of it payed out bill and left. Waitress didn't even bother asking why were our plates practically full?! To top it off spend the rest of the night running to the bathroom. My friend had stomach cramps all night too because of this "food". So if you are looking for shitty food and having the runs all night this is the place to go!!!	0
So I'm strolling through the neighborhood with two of my co workers and we see this small cute restaurant and decide to go in. Boy was that a mistake!! We only wanted one drink before going to adopt a pet around the corner, but they didn't serve drinks before 12. (fine) then another server comes to us and let's us know we can't have drinks unless we order food (weird, but fine again) now the only problem was the disrespect the "manager" a heavy set Mexican young woman was uninviting very rude in the way she spoke to us. When we told her we would have to find another place she goes "awesome" -- and as servers we know that's no way to bring us back in. We would have tipped her at least 20%. but she completed ruined the moment. we came in bubbly and happy and left very disappointed. I just know I'll never be here again. ever.	0
Wish we could comment on the food, but unfortunately, we didn't get that far.  When we entered the restaurant a few weeks ago for our first visit, we were immediately overpowered by the music.  It was difficult to think and impossible to hear the waitress as she described the specials, not to mention conduct a little conversation among us and our friends.  We asked if they could turn down the music a bit.  The response: "Sorry, it's as low as it goes."  Really?  Gee, that's too bad.  We got up to leave.  The waitress: "Please don't go.  We'll turn the music down."  Good food or not, a place like that doesn't deserve our business.	0
I'd been here when it was still Red Frog and was disappointed to find that my favorite cozy wine bar had been taken over by a bland, overpriced and brightly lit replacement.  The only thing worth ordering (judging from other people's tables as we unfortunately missed the memo) is the charcuterie or cheese plate. Don't bother with the flatbread and please don't repeat my mistake of ordering the "fondue." Even the wine was boring and not worth even the happy hour prices. In short, I'm unfortunately going to be on the hunt for a new pre-concert spot, because this place doesn't cut it anymore.	0
If you're hungry, eat before you go there... plenty of bread but not much food and expensive! 10 bucks for a minimalistic chocolate cake!!!!!	0
Saw this place and had to go in to try the cassoulet advertised on the outdoor board. Mostly charming atmosphere once they turn the lights down. As for the food....before we ordered we saw the table next to us send back their frisée salad because they substituted arugala. When questioned the waitress had to fess up to the fact that they ran out of frisée (it was only 6PM). My husband and I ordered a bottle of wine and decided to share a salad and the cassoulet...the later was on a section of the menu entitle entrees to share. Salad was very good. When the cassoulet came  it was in this teensy tiny cast iron coupe. Which was just about a single portion. But they charge $23!!!! Cassoulet is not an expensive proposition. It's a peasant dish and so grossly overpriced. And certainly not enough to sharethank goodness we ga bread, I will not be back. Poor value for the money.	0
I had passed by previously, but not gone in. I like French food so I decided to have a quick lunch at the bar.  I ordered Escargot - what a mistake. The first one was partially frozen.  I didn't realize that everything that was supposed to be hot was frozen and heated in a microwave. There was no apology, but they took it back and reheated it. I had to ask for bread. The owner who was also the waiter was clearly in over his head. When I received my credit card statement they had charged me and extra $2.10 over what I had signed for which I will get credit for from my card company,  If I could give this place zero stars I would.	0
Visiting Freedom Plaza so wanted a decent restaurant in walking distance. Read review and decided to give St. George's a chance. Restaurant is in an old church so super cool. Restaurant is open, spacious, and nice atmosphere. That's really about it since the food was average.  The menu is part American and Asian so I really don't think they did either real well. My son's angus burger looked like it was pre-formed. I had the lunch special which came w soup, rice, and main course for 12.00. The food was part cool and warm which gave a impression that some was pre-cooked. My daughter had Mac and cheese which looks average.  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant. I would recommend to simplify their menu and do it well.	0
This restaurant is deplorable.  We ordered breakfast and had to get up and get our own silverware, ketchup, jelly, only to be served cold eggs, raw bacon, and an untoasted English muffin.  And to top the meal off one of the waiters lost his temper when customers began to complain about the non-existent service and loudly said, "What is with everybody being so FUCKING rude." then stormed out of the room.  What kind of restaurant hires waiters who curse in front of customers and children - yep we had our 5 year old daughter with us.  And HE NEVER APOLOGIZED!  He only smirked as I refused to pay for the meal and then stormed out again.  This restaurant should be ashamed of themselves for this behavior.	0
Service not just bad, really really bad!  Excited that this location was to be reopened; used to be Moran's and while a bit out of our way, was always worth it.....wish I could say the same for St. George Tavern. Hostess was consumed on a cell phone call, she never greeted or got off the phone for the large party (7) in front of us which waited then left, we saw the tables were full so we sat at one of the high top tables in the center....big mistake.  Never sat on an uncomfortable bar stool but there is always a first time....and this was it.  Low backs coupled with no foot rest and the fact the table top is also low, lower than the bar top made it very uncomfortable. We witnessed folk squirming and coats (very low backs on the stools) falling onto the floor. We were given menu's but servers kept walking past us, I finally went to the bar to get drinks....finally a server came by. We finally ordered and waited....and waited....and observed there were issues with almost every table....four folks sitting at a table food for two would come out and the rest waited and waited....third meal came out and was wrong....yikes.  Someone left and we grabbed their table...was pretty clean but no one came by to wipe it off.  Sanitation seems to be a second thought, when the folk at the table next to us left, server wiped the table with a dry napkin and stuff on the table went to the chairs and floor! You get the picture.....apparently two kitchens here, Chinese and Western so we were told, they don't coordinate the timing of meals with a split order.  Kitchen is downstairs and there are two lifts that bring food up. This restaurant also provides room service to the newly opened Holiday Inn....which is next door. There was plenty of staff....hostess looked like she sucked lemons for a living....the server we had spent most of her time apologizing to her tables and definitely knew things were bad. This place has potential but absentee management is CLEARLY an issue. Good news....food was good but first time I had to order a side of rice and priced separately with Chinese food. Great bar but change out those bar stools!	0
I'm not sure what happened. We went one week and the menu and place seemed great. The Holiday Inn opened next to it and now they are serving the Holiday Inn menu??? Literally, the Holiday Inn menu with the branding and everything. No clue what happened, but I won't be going back. The food was terrible and none of the same nice people were there. Too bad too because it's such a cool looking place right across the street from me.	0
came here about 8 months ago and loved the place.  I had had the chicken dish KOTA and thats what i went back for with my date because I remembered that it was literally to die for. Went back last week and the food has changed, the chicken was not what i remembered at all. I don't know why some places can't just stick with something good when they've got it???  Service was so so then and worse now. This pompous skrawney looking waiter guy with a bowtie "helped" us, very unprofessional in his approach, and arrogant. My date wanted to throw her water at him lol. Anyway thanks for embarrassing me!	0
This place is a straight rip off. A salad at panera that is 4.50 is 17 dollars here. saganaki is cheese. There shrimp had no cheese. The mixed grill was for 2...... It was a rediculous amount of money was really good for 1 and McDonald's after this meal was necessary. If you are made of money and don't care about being ripped off go here. If you care about the money you make and theb please stick to michelin restaurant they are still cheaper.	0
Wanted to love this place but they screw you at the bar service. We ordered the medium krya plate and were not given enough bread to finish the dips.  When I asked for more bread the server (demetri) told me he didn't want me to sit and order bread all night w my $20 appetizer among other things. Food was decent but someone must be impressed w their Michelin recommendation because I wasn't.  Terrible service from him a they gave up 2 stars for that.  The Hostess was delightful.	0
Ok $15 greek salad considered of all of 4 tomatoes and 5 cubes of feta with a sprinkle of greens.  It was good but not that good.  It was wicked expensive for a salad.  Unfortunately they lost me on this one and I won't be back although they did get a Michelin 2014 rating.	0
The Greek is just starting out to be fair, but they have a long way to go!  Service was inconsistent: at first we had at least one server, but as the meal progressed we had to ask for bread several times, desert menu twice, and waited for a falsely advertised desert for 20 minutes. It also seemed like all of the wait staff were inexperienced, for example: chicken came out and we were still sitting with butter knives, we had to ask for heftier cutlery. All of the waiters were apologetic... no need to apologize, just be consistently attentive.  Food: Tasty food, small portions however. For desert we ordered the "halva" - this was not halva by any standard definition. Halva is a sesame-based desert, this tasted like a toasted couscous w/honey sorta deal, served with white chocolate. Maybe this is greek "halva"? The food was the best part of the experience, as it should be, but I think the portion sizes need to be more clearly communicated (the appetizer portion of the Grilled Octopus w/ bacon vinaigrette came with 3 small pieces of grilled octopi)  Music: too loud, too obnoxious. At one point "I'm Turning Japanese" came on - the playlist was essentially a "Shitty Top 40s List from the 80s". I'd suggest going to Pandora and typing in Shuggie Otis and let that play for the night Alcohol: Need a better beer selection - they have 2 beers in bottles: Alfa and Heineken - they are essentially the same beer by taste. Not sure about wine or liquor selection, though. I probably won't go back unless I see improving reviews	0
Came back here for a friend's birthday. The scallops were awesome and perfectly cooked. Our server was great and really helpful. Unfortunately, our friend wasn't feeling well from eating the raw stuff and the rude hostess kept rolling her eyes at her and rushed us out of the restaurant. Rolling her eyes every chance she gets. Smh. I don't know how I feel about coming back here again.	0
Tried to come here for dinner on Valentines Day but we were denied entrance (closing at 11 and we arrived at 10), the girl at the door wanted to go home which I can't blame her but from working int he restaurant business I give a 3 for customer service (at lease she wasnt completely rude).	0
There is nothing upstate about this place....Let me explain something in some plain English not to confuse the folks who think they are being cute by naming it Upstate: Your seafood doesn't come from Lake Ontario or Oneida Lake. It's a  wee bit deceptive to have a beer list without IC, Genesee, Saratoga, oh heck even Middle Ages. One Saranac beer? You choose Southampton, Radiant Pig, and Long Island Brewery. Shall I remind you that none of these are remotely close to even Poughkeepsie?  No Finger Lakes wines on the menu also...sigh. Shall I come down and give you a geography lesson or just point you to where Upstate NY starts?  Sometimes I think New York City folks are just woefully ignorant..even thought they claim to be otherwise. It's too bad because the food is good here...but calling it Upstate has a cache you obviously are painfully oblivious to.	0
This place is really expensive, kind of overcrowded. We also felt a little pressured to eat and leave quickly, mainly because the waiters kept hovering and asking if we were done. The happy hour oyster deal is good value, but everything else seems overpriced. Good selection of beers though.	0
What's with all the hype? I think this is the first time yelp has mislead me. Upstate is pretty small and where we were seated, was uncomfortable. We ordered about 14 oysters which were OK. They definitely were not the best oysters but weren't horrible either. The menu is pretty limited which also left me wondering if I should have left after the oysters, but I decided to give it a shot. Upstate only has beer, wine and soda. I requested juice but was told they didn't have any. I'm thinking umm OK. I ordered a ginger ale and requested a straw, yet was told that they didn't have any! Not everyone likes to drink out of a glass unless it's their own glasses at home, and every restaurant should carry straws. The crab cakes were pretty good, but the fettuccine with clams had way too much garlic. I left hungry and very disappointed in this restaurant.	0
Sorry guys. Had high hopes for this place and got shot down big time. We actually got seated rather quickly on a Sunday night at 9PM. Of course we started off with a dozen oysters. I'm quite the oyster noob because I probably only ate my first oyster a couple months ago. I can definitely tell that these oyster are super duper fresh. As usual, boyfriend tries it out first and tells me if I would like it or not and then I eat. The Montauk Point oyster is BANGING. Give me the whole supply of that and I'd chow those babies down! Otherwise, everything else was meh or even worse. We had the crab cakes, which was blah. It's like a mushy mess with little strands here and there. No chunks. Not great flavor. The salad in the middle though is a different story. I really wanted to ask if they had that in a bigger size cause that was really good. We also had the steamed clams in beer. That was a massive FAIL. It was not tasty, the clams were super chewy, it was super bland. My boyfriend LOVES clams, but he didn't even finish this dish. And the food took forever to come out after the oysters. And the waiter didn't really pay us any mind so it took forever to get the check as well. Bottom line: I'd come for the oysters during HH.	0
Well I'm Disappointed! I don't know what all the hype is about?? We sure weren't blown away by the food here. Sorry... I read on a review - "Upstate is the best restaurant in NYC". To that all I can say is bullshit. I know your city can do better then this. It was a real kick In the teeth... Maybe it was that we had high expectations for this place and were so excited about it. ORDERED DOZEN OYSTER (happy hour with 2 beers) - Oysters were fresh but unfortunately not shucked the best. Had pieces of shell and grit through them. Won't be rushing back for more from here. CURED SALMON - Was presented well and tasted ok. Little oily. Not really a challenging or mind blowing snack. It was basically smoked salmon add some oil and capers. CHEESE BOARD - Good selection of cheeses. Ran out of toast/bread but the waiter got us some more without us having to ask which was good. *service was good here* SCALLOP SPECIAL - Scallops tasted fresh and cooked great. Risotto let this dish down. Was claggy and tasted quite bland. PRICE - All up I think it was $80. Quite expensive for a meal that was more like a snack. Not really pushing any culinary boundaries with any of these dishes.   Can tick this one off the list... The service saved this from loosing more stars.	0
This place just kicked us out? I arrived with a party of 5 late on a Thursday night, knowing they didn't take reservations.   We intentionally came late, hoping it wouldn't be as busy.  There was an open table for 6 and when we inquired about it we were told it was reserved.   Then the host/bouncer rudely told us to leave immediately and opened the door to usher us out.  I had heard such great things about the food and the wait staff so we were very all surprised to be treated so rudely.  Avoid this place.	0
I'm in the minority but I don't understand why this place is so popular? A few of my friends swear by this place for oysters and the such so one night my bf and I put our names down for a table. It was around an hour's wait, the place was completely packed (I think it was a Thursday) but we had drinks at a bar in the area. We ordered: a variety of oysters, crab cakes, the sea urchin and the clam fettucine. Oysters were okay, but they weren't the freshest I've had. Even though we got a variety the flavours were all very similar and subdued. Crabcakes were pretty good. Sea urchin was not good at all! I love uni but this one had a bitter taste, it was just extremely not fresh. I didn't like the pairing it came with either. Lastly, the clam fettucine. It looked great arriving on the table but the fettucine was slightly overcooked - not al dente, the clams were a bit on the dry side and worst of all the entire dish itself was bland.  Honestly I feel that they were probably too busy and I went on a bad day, but seeing that there wasn't much else on the menu that I wanted to get, I probably wouldn't come back as the wait is so long. If the oysters alone were fantastic I'd be back for sure!	0
Don't get what all the fuss is about. Did not find the food interesting or exciting and certainly not memorable.	0
So I had high expectations for this restaurant with its fame on yelp and long wait lines. Objectives it was not bad. But definitely a huge letdown.  Service was great and friendly. Atmosphere was comfortable. Food was good. But we were for sure skillfully rushed throughout dinner; in and out in less than an hour. It was a cute restaurant but atmosphere not special or outstanding in any way. Finally, food. Average. Got the popular clam fettuccine and scallops; both were supremely average. $40 dinner worth $25.	0
24 oysters piled up, a small ramequin of cocktail sauce, and 2 lemons not the greatest presentation for a $65 plate. Now let's talk about the ceviche. 5 small chunks of scallops served on a plate with chopped red peppers is not a ceviche! Then we ordered the cheese and charcuterie platter. Again small lil portion of dry charcuterie and tasteless cheese. After $200 spent on a high top, I wake up this morning food poisoned! Never again!	0
Maggiano's is better than this.  I should know not to trust locations with high Yelp reviews especially if they are located in a touristy area. Everything is family style and it's hard to tell for what kind of family.  Family of two + dogs like my current situation?  Family of anorexics?  Family of fatties?  Well, what you can do is look at everyone's dishes around you to get a better gauge.  Unfortunately, that did nothing for me.   I pointed out a dish I saw to our waitress... It was a big bowl of seafood and pasta.  The result was a platter twice the size which could've fed 6-8 people just on its own.  It was supposed to have two 2-lb lobsters but they ran out so they gave us three 1-lb lobsters at the same price of $95.  Rip off.   As for the dish, you get a lot of seafood (lobster, shrimp, clams, mussels) but most of it is overcooked.  The sauce doesn't have much depth to it... tastes canned and was watery.  The pasta was cooked okay at least. We also got the Carmine's salad that consists of mixed greens, cubed meat, olives, cucumbers, and some sort of acidic dressing (Italian?) which was good and huge also. It cost almost $30. In the end, you could probably get away with spending $30 per person and leaving quite full.  But full of crap.	0
Ohhhhh a random day that my friends and I decide to hit up the big 'ol apple.  After a long ride on thee grand megabus, we decide that we must eat. The majority of the group select Carmine's, a family style restaurant located right close to Times Square.  At the time that we got there (about 4p or so) it was hella packed.  The wait was short, and we sat down at the table.  What did we learn?  That Carmine's is a Southern Italian restaurant which means that most of the sauces are tomato or garlic (read: oil) based.   So no you won't get an alfredo here folks.  Keep on pressing if that's what you want.  We decided on the Carmine's Salad, chicken parm, and some shrimp pasta, of the three, I liked the salad the best.  Who would have thunk it, since I am a carb/pasta fanatic.  The salad was fresh; it had a plethora of fresh meat and veggies and was just blame good.   The chicken parm, was just so so, honestly, I have never been a fan of it, but I definitely have had better.   It wasn't well seasoned, and the sauce was sub par IMHO.  The shrimp pasta that we had was more so an oil based sauce with garlic.  Tons of pasta, minimally seasoned shrimp, and lesser than average sauce.   The service was alright, with the exception of the waiter constantly trying to up sale more food.  Meh.  I've had better Italian food at worse places.  Can't say I'd ever return.	0
Was there with a large party, had reservations in advance. They treated us like "dumb tourists."  Good food, poor service.	0
I will never understand what keeps this place busy- oh yeah, proximity to Broadway and Times Square.  Don't be lazy-- there's plenty of lovely places with better ambience, food and service a few blocks away in Hell's Kitchen.  That being said. You will be rushed in and out, receive terrible service and huge quantities of cheap but expensive pasta "family style".  Our table ordered two bottles of wine (Carmine's has their own "vintage") and were served it in water glasses. "There's only about ten left for the whole restaurant" was the explanation.  I know New York is full of people but don't feed me at your trough and call it upscale.	0
Went to this restaurant based on the Yelp reviews and was highly disappointed.  Chicken Marsala and Cheese Ravioli were bland, wait staff inattentive, and hostesses with bad attitudes. One and done.	0
I am a fan of Tony's but on a Sat night, the wait was about an hr. We decided to try Carmine's and since they opened one in DC, I figured I'd try the one in NYC. We waited about 45 min, had a drink at the bar, and were called to our table. This is a family style restaurant and Sicilian style "like the Godfather." That's what the waitress told us. We had the calamari to start and the shrimp scampi. The calamari is huge, it must have been at least 2 ibs of calamari. It was good, but not worth the $30 it costs. The scampi was good but we were informed that it did not come with pasta, if we wanted pasta it would be another $10. We got it with spaghetti and it was very good actually. I also had a glass of the house red which also was very good with the meal. Carmine's is solid, I just think there are better family style restaurants.  Service was good, table for 2 is small but the food is good.	0
After my first experience here I would like to say it was very memorable but not in the way a resturant would want it to be for their guests. Once seated we had to ask several times for our water, afterwards the waiter had bought over salad and bread however we thought it was complementary. Oh how naive of us. When the waiter realized that we had not ordered it, she soon took it away while we were eating eat. Then we had ordered the calamari and the vodka pasta (they charged an extra $6!! for the vodka sauce).  The calamri arrived, the drinks didnt. Calarmi was very sandy .... found hair in the pasta and sauce was NOT vodka. Had it returned to be changed for the correct pasta sauce... came back with another hair. We complained to the manager and he took it off our bill (only the pasta). Okay fine. Bill came and "suggested tip" was with the calculation of the pasta.  I say save your money and go elsewhere. Had to give it 1 star retuctantly because it wont allow anything lower.	0
After my first experience here I would like to say it was very memorable but not in the way a resturant would want it to be for their guests. Once seated we had to ask several times for our water, afterwards the waiter had bought over salad and bread however we thought it was complementary. Oh how naive of us. When the waiter realized that we had not ordered it, she soon took it away while we were eating eat. Then we had ordered the calamari and the vodka pasta (they charged an extra $6!! for the vodka sauce).  The calamri arrived, the drinks didnt. Calarmi was very sandy .... found hair in the pasta and sauce was NOT vodka. Had it returned to be changed for the correct pasta sauce... came back with another hair. We complained to the manager and he took it off our bill (only the pasta). Okay fine. Bill came and "suggested tip" was with the calculation of the pasta.  I say save your money and go elsewhere. Had to give it 1 star retuctantly because it wont allow anything lower.	0
So so salty, pasta noodles were stuck together and obviously boxed noodles. The seafood was yummy but ruined by the extremely salty sauce that tasted like jar pasta sauce but not the good kind. I went because of the reviews but was VERY dissappointed. Had the seafood pasta ($55) on Valentine's Day. 2 stars for the seafood but still I wish it wasnt in the sauce...	0
Yeah this just screams nope. Its all family style, so its just one big plate and you share, thats fine an all, but not really my style, also yeah its NYC, but fu** it was expensive. i just didnt care for it. Sorry.	0
Carmine's is definitely geared toward tourists. Who doesn't serve olive oil with the bread? Seriously? And the ravioli dish the 3 of us shared? We barely touched it!!! They barely brought out 1/6 for us to take home. I'm not stupid. We asked for the meal to be divided into 2 servings. There were 2 servings for 2 people from the portions we received PRIOR to them packaging them up for us to take home. So how is it we received 1/6 of our ENTIRE portion only suited for barely one of us to take home? I can't make this up!  Piss poor packaging. Es muy malo. I was not pleased. Extremely underwhelmed. Won't be coming back. I'll take an authentic mom &amp; pop spot any day over this crap. Sorry I'm not sorry for being shafted by a franchise. Sure as hell NOT.	0
Who charges $10.00 for an a la carte plate of plain pasta? That's like the cheapest thing ever! I'll pass.  Oh, and the chicken Parmesan was ok. Literally, two chicken breasts tenderized and breaded and smothered in cheese. I could have made this entire meal for less than $15 and had higher quality.	0
STopped in for a lunch on a Friday as I work one block away .. Sat at the bar. Asked for a menu. Was told "fyi" no pasta.  So I asked why cant i order pasta ? She said well lunch ended 15min ago. So only sandwiches  or a huge family style pasta dish for like 40$ Which I didn't want either of .. It was a Friday in Lent I'm at an Italian restaurant and basically "meat" this is what I'm offered. Very disappointing I asked for the check for my drink and left ..  I'm sure they don't care about one lost lunch customer .. But they also lost me for any other future meals ...	0
Eating at Carmines was one of the worst mistakes I've ever made. We first waited for about an hour, thinking it would taste good with with all the waiting guests and packed tables.  When we finally got our table and ordered, we waited for about another hour and repeatedly asked the waiter for our food. When at last the food came, the spaghetti was undercooked and was all noodles with little sauce. While we were waiting for our check, we had seen another group come in and get seated, we were able to see their food come out a bit less then 30 minutes.We were so dissapointed that we went out after the dinner to eat again.	0
I am just not a fan of family style restaurants. Especially when those restaurants offer such little gluten free items! Honestly, I am shocked that NYC has such little gluten free options to offer.  Nice, family friendly, our waiter was super friendly and informative!!	0
The food here is good, but the 2 stars is for the service. One of the worst I have received in town... It must have been the time though. It was late when we got there, around 10:30 pm.  Servers didn't seem interested in providing the best customer experience.  We were literally expelled from the place.  So don't go there late at night. Servers are tired and so ready to end their shift...	0
I'm not sure why a restaurant with over a thousand reviews needs another one, but perhaps I am the minority viewpoint of this place. We came in on a Sunday evening after seeing a play. Open table didn't have any reservations until the next month, but we decided to give it a chance.  Put our name on the list and expected to wait an hour.  After sitting down at the shelf bar and people watching, we decided to order and eat it on the shelf.  Well, do yourself a favor, don't do that. First you have to order your food at the bar, and yes it was a busy weekend night, and "Brew"  was very nice to take our order, set us up with plates , water and bread. You need to realize that the food here is served FAMILY STYLE.  One dish can feed a minimum of 4 people. $38 for the chicken parmigiana, $10 for pasta.  And you still have left overs. The food was ............eh.  I have had better chicken parmigiana elsewhere. The greeter calling out names was so ineffective, anyone could have taken our table.   The noise level is insane, but for the most part people were friendly and we got into conversations with people waiting for their name to be called. Next time I'm looking somewhere else.  This is not a relaxing place.	0
Would not return. Our waitress Tara was awful. We ordered wine and they brought us glasses that looked like double shot glasses. If I order wine I want a wine glass. Tara went to every table around us but did not come to our table once. I had to flag a bus boy down to get our checks. Tony's is much better and much better service.	0
okay food.  The cold bread and no Alfredo sauce was a disappointment.  The rest of the food was okay but not worth the price.  I assume prices are just based on the location of restuarant.	0
Not impressed.  We got the chicken Marsala. It was blahhhh Would not recommend. Pick another spot.	0
Being it my first time in Times Square in many many years.  I was a bit overwhelmed by the task of finding somewhere to eat that was around my hotel (the Renaissance) that would meet expectations in terms of overall dining experience. Unfortunately, I picked somewhere that ultimately failed me.  Not a fan of "family style" or single items made to feed entire families, I was a bit at a loss when searching the menu for something that would meet the criteria of "relatively" healthy and also tasty.  I ended up going with the only items on the menu that were made for one person, the hero.  I went with the prosciutto, mozzarella and tomato hero that came with a caesar salad.     The bread for the hero was tough and seemed to have been around at least for a couple days and the tomatoes were no where near ripe.  The caesar salad was easily the best part of the dish and it also was mediocre. I think it had been the first time that I had experienced hunger due to consuming food of no flavor. I wouldn't suggest heading over here if you're at all health conscience and don't want to pay exorbitant prices for being in Times Square.	0
I went with my friends to dinner for one of my friends' birthday. I was extremely dissatisfied with the service and food especially for the price we paid for. I like to pay restaurant food when it is good quality and that is why I am extremely dissatisfied with how much I had to pay for their food.  Our waiter did not even introduce himself to us and barely came to our table with a smile to make sure we were satisfied. Not only that, when we ordered the titanic with a candle for my friend's birthday, only 2 waiters came over to give us the dessert and asked us to sing. I don't even think they sang with us. Now the reason why I am complaining about this is because there were 2 other tables that were also celebrating a birthday and anniversary and a whole bunch of waiters went to their tables and sang the song for them. I was pretty offended by this.  Now when it comes to the food, we ordered the shrimp diavolo linguine and marinara pasta. The shrimp diavolo linguine was extremely spicy and the marinara pasta was very salty. They were both pasta dishes (which I can make on my own) and they were so disappointing. The only upside to the food is that they're big portions. Otherwise, they can do better.	0
This place sucks!!! Stay away! Deceiving. They make you order a pasta which is Ala carte and overcharge you if you want meatballs with it! Everything came out to $50 just for 1 plate.	0
I came here a while ago with my family. The food was decent, but not exceptional. Today, I returned because my first two restaurant choices were unable to accommodate us. Bad choice. The tall, thin guy at the first door should work in a stockroom somewhere so he doesn't have to interact with human beings. He was rude and snotty from the moment my sister and I walked in. He told me that I and my 11 year old sister would have to wait in separate lines. She's tall, so I assumed he mistook her for someone older, so I told him she was a child and I was uncomfortable separating. He said in a very snobby tone, "You're missing the point! One of you has to stay here and the other has to go to the other area to make room for others." Partially from the asinine rule, but mostly because of his incredibly offensive attitude, I decided to leave and find another restaurant. As I left, I heard him (as I'm sure he intended) tell the other host, "She doesn't understand; let her go."  I am so put off and will never return to a place where I can expect to be insulted before I even step out of the foyer.	0
The pasta dishes are huge and meant to be shared. I went here with 3 other girls and just ordered the penne alla vodka. It was mediocre and a bit too salty. Service was slow, and the dishes and cups weren't exactly the cleanest (my cup had a big lip stick stain...). This place is good if you have a large group that just wants to fill their stomachs. Otherwise, get out of the theater district to find better food and service.	0
It's the theater district, so that should have been my first clue not to come here. The restaurant is nicely appointed in a bistro style, but the noise level is unbelievable. The food is family style, but it's quite mediocre. It's overpriced for something I could have done better at home with a jar of sauce and $0.99 pasta. Will not be coming back...ever.	0
Well, I sincerely doubt my review is really going to matter as this place is an institution, but I really didn't appreciate my Carmine's experience.   Maybe its just that I don't really like Family Style meals --- maybe it was just that the Chicken Marsala we ordered was possibly the sweetest Marsala I've ever had in my life --  maybe it was because the wait staff didn't really pay much attention to us?    I don't know, it was probably a little bit of everything. In all honesty --- if there is anything New York City does not have a short supply of, it is good Italian Restaurants.   Why anyone would go out of their way to dine at Carmine's is beyond my level of understanding.  I guess it is just a tourist thing.   I have no desire to go back.	0
I've been to Carmine's for a private event the experience was just OK but I gave it one more try and =/ still no luck. Went for a romantic night with my date and since he knows I love Italian he brought me here. Unfortunately, they didn't serve any of the dishes I was in the mood for but what can you do no modifications (which stinks)  Anyway, instead of Morgan my server suggesting other menu fave's his response was "This restaurant makes food from the south of Italy not the north you should go where they sell those items. (uuhhh ok thanks for the welcome) I did stay and decided to order some apps, the calamari &amp; salad were great but when I asked for butter for my bread I got 2 frozen chunks. (When I tried to smear it, the butter balled up and fell off the table) So I asked the waiter if he could heat the butter a bit (he looked annoyed) and he came back with butter soup. Was I supposed to pour it on my bread? Pretty odd, and again I asked for more butter and finally they got it right.  Next come our entree's the presentation was beautiful and the serving size was fantastic but the taste...not so much. We ordered the chicken parm w/ pasta and it was flavorless lots of salt helped me finish my portion. I was very disappointed and it was a major waste of food. I will not be going back to Carmine's no need for 3 strikes here... 2 were enough. If your going to serve bland food the least you can offer is good service and not make your patrons feel unwanted.	0
Food was great, waiter was great. They ran out Lambrusco red wine on a Saturday night ! Then we  specifically watched the waiter inform the manager that we were not happy about this. After all we are in Times Square, the restaurant is supposed to be well prepared. The manager looked at the waiter, shrugged his shoulders and said to the waiter,  "we are out of it, what do you want me to do about it". Did not even bother to come to the table. No apology,  Nothing!  Well manager, our bill was over $800. How about offering us a different bottle of wine on the house for your lack of preparation ? Taking care of your guests would've been something nice you could've done...	0
Went to Carmine's for the first time and I was excited as hell because this was my first official Italian restaurant to go to and I love Italian food, so I made reservations and got seated accordingly and the waiter came over to ask if we wanted drinks, btw he was rude and snobby because I asked what he recommended being that it was myself and my party first time there, the drinks were alcoholic and we're very watered down, when the food came ( chicken Marsala with angel hair) the food was very mediocre and bland I was very disappointed being that this is such a high rated restaurant  Overall the service was crappy because whenever we needed anything our waiter was rude, the food was bland and mediocre I should've just stayed home &amp; opened up a can of ravioli and called it a night, and the food was over priced as well so I won't be going back to this restaurant ever!!  Ohh and I went to the location on the upper west side not the 42nd location	0
This was all around a mediocre meal. We had a hair in our salad, which was not tended to. The chicken Marsala was over salted. We asked for half portions which were denied. If you are a large group, perhaps it is more worth your while. But there are a multitude of Italian family style restaurants in midtown that are more worth your while.	0
Food was ok. Service was horrible; it was just there. She took our order, brought us drinks (had to search and beg for refills) and brought our food. Definitely not worth the price!	0
This place is so hyped up, my husband and I really wanted to go during our short vacation in the city. The first night we tried to go, we hadn't made reservations for dinner and were not entirely surprised when they didn't have anything available on a Sunday night. So we tried again Tuesday for lunch and got a table immediately. The place was decorated for Christmas, which was nice. The seating was very cramped, you are basically sitting directly next to the patron next to you, and the table had to be moved in order to get up so as to avoid sitting on your fellow diners meal as you exit. We ordered 2 of the "Famous Heroes" lunch specials with Caesar salad and the food came quickly. The sandwiches were pretty good. The salad had quite a bit of anchovy, it tasted very fishy to me and I generally like Caesar salads with real anchovy.  The worst part of the experience was during my trip to the ladies room. One of the stalls had apparently hosted a patron with a pretty severe sprinkle/tinkle problem and was quite a mess. I was relieved to see that there was a girl on the other side of the bathroom cleaning. The guests who came and went from the bathroom were discussing this stall quite loudly, so there was no question that this stall needed to be cleaned. As I was washing my hands, I noticed the cleaning girl chatting casually on her cell phone. Then she gathered up her things and left without cleaning the stall, picking up the toilet paper strewn about on the floor or wiping the counters! I had to steer a mom and two little girls away from the mess of a stall as I was leaving.  I expect more from such a popular NYC landmark. Food was pretty okay. But there is better Italian in the city without the potty problems. A dirty bathroom can really ruin a dining experience. :(	0
We love Carmine's However tonight was awe full our waiter was Mohammed Rabelais 80/1 check out 4.26   Dry beer glass  twice ask for oil for the bread it never came!  He packed our food we ask for extra sauce on the the side he said  he put it in the bag, he did not. We ask for our left over bread  he just dumped the bread basket into the big bag. Like  it was a  trash bag.  Stood there and waited  for me to   Get my credit card out of my bag. We were told we needed to be  finished. By 5 pm it was only 430. Totally felt like the  bums rush. I also think he spilled out left overs there was a lot less when we got back to the  suite.  Worst dining experience ....	0
My wife and I went to Carmine's after watching a broadway show. We heard that they have huge family style dishes and wanted to give it them a try. We went on a Sunday Afternoon and were immediately seated. Due to the huge size of their portions we only ordered one entree. We went with the Veal Marsala. Surprisingly, it was not a huge dish for $35 bucks. We both were surprised because of what we heard. The veal was bland and the marsala sauce wasn't that great. The veal was also very thinly sliced, reminded me of cold cut slices. We wanted a small order of pasta but we were told they don't do that and they could only add it to our dish for $10 more. PASS!  Maybe it is because I am from NY and there are a ton of excellent Italian Restaurants in NYC and Long Island, I was not impressed with Carmines and I'll pass on this restaurant in the future.	0
The one star is for the fact that the food was given in large portions and was good.  That is the only good thing I can say about this place unfortunately.  I was originally going to give it two for that, but as I ponder over that meal I am forced to drop it down to one.  The rest was just undeniably bad. Carmine's was on our list of places to go for a number of reasons.  A lot of good reviews, a very short walk from our hotel, the promise of good, Italian food.  We got there and had about a 20-30 minute wait.  That's fine, we were in the middle of Times Square after all.  It gave us ample time to look over the menu anyway. We were seated...and then the waiting began.  We waited...and waited...and waited...I thought this was a waiter's job.  Finally, about 20 minutes later we were first greeted.  This was already off to a bad start.  Our waiter, Eric, came and took our order for drinks.  We both made sure to order something, as ordering only water seems to guarantee bad service with some waiters, and we were already on a downhill slope.  The wait for our drinks to come was excruciatingly long too, but we foolishly decided to stick it out.  When he finally returned...I don't even know how to describe it. His attitude was snarky and jokey.  Not in a fun way mind you, in a way that made us feel completely unwelcome.  In many ways it seemed like he was waiting on both our table and the table next to us simultaneously, in a completely disorganized way that gave their table much more focus.  To make matters worse, my fiancee had a question about the menu, and in the middle of the question he just left.  Not a word of "Excuse me one moment" or "Hold on", he just up and left the table and disappeared.  A minute later a new guy came up, apologized, and proceeded to take our order.  I will say he was nice, so maybe we got the one rotten apple of the bunch, but he wasn't our waiter so I can't rate the restaurant solely on his performance. When Eric finally returned it was without any apology for his little disappearing act from before.  We even asked if he was our waiter, because we honestly weren't sure.  From that point on, the jokester side of his disappeared...at least when he was dealing with us.  He became more quiet and 'business-like' for lack of a better word.  I'd say it was appreciated, but it was less of a bandage on the wound and more an attempt not to break a limb. Anyway food food food, yes it is a lot.  Yes it was good.  Spaghetti and meatballs, good.  Calamari and angel hair with a white clam sauce, good.  The food was inconsequential by that point. The final offense of the day came at the end of the meal.  We were given the check, paid, and I had signed away my tip (yes, I did give a decent tip, against my better judgment).  As we were getting up to leave and putting our coats on, Eric steps in, reaches in between us, and grabs the check, saying "Thank you"....what was that?  Was he checking to make sure he got a tip so he could berate us if there wasn't one?  Was he that impatient that he had to invade both of our personal space to grab the check?  I don't know, but I do know one thing. I will not be back to Carmine's, regardless of proximity.	0
Worst service and experience ever. I came here a couple of years ago with my family which included my elderly grandmother who was in a wheelchair. Apparently she was in the middle of the way and needed to move. This situation could have been handled in an appropriate way by kindly asking us to move, but instead the host just told me that "she's in the way and needs to move" in such a rude and disrespectful way. Because of this I have never stepped back into this restaurant. The food isn't even that good. If you want real Italian go to the various other restaurants in the city.	0
I had this feeling that I might be walking into a slightly better version of an Olive Garden, that maybe my past experiences were no longer valid.  I had thought I vividly remember how delicious the lobster and mix seafood pasta was at the Atlantic City Carmine's.  Now I know that it was an illusion, I just didn't know better at the time. Everything was overly salty yet not flavorful, was quite disappointed that once I thought Carmines was really good - now it has been downgraded to one of the two disappointing meals that I had in NYC (thankfully only 2 out of 16+). I understand it's appeal, it's just not for me anymore, sorry Carmine's.  I think me and big franchises are just not meant to be, it's best we both go our separate ways.	0
Terrible phone reception. Hangs up without a good bye, RUDE.	0
Came to NYC for News Years Eve week...tried several places to eat..was told by a server at a different restaurant to eat at Carmines so we did ...huge plates of food...huge bill and huge rotten attitude with the stafff...wont rate the food...was not worth it...try a chain like Bucca di Beppo..a lot like Carmines!!!	0
I've had better.  This place has become a noisy food factory serving institutional Italian food.	0
It's been a while since I've eaten here. I remember the food being fine and the portions being very large, but what really stuck out at me was how incredibly hard -- not al dente, but HARD -- the noodles were.  Maybe I just don't get it. Dunno.	0
We booked for Christmas dinner this year quite a while ago, to make sure we got a table. We got our table on time, although the greeters at the desk looked like they'd rather be elsewhere.  We waited a good 10 mins at the table before we were given a menu by the drinks waitress who explained that our main server was "really busy" with the huge table behind us. We ordered a spaghetti bolognese and a veal parm. The portions are huge but for $40 I would have expected the veal to be served on a bed of spaghetti to be honest. There were just 2 admittedly large, portions of veal. The spaghetti bolognese was plentiful, but overdone with the herbs and a little watery. Both our servers obviously finished their shifts during our meal, as we never saw them again.  We ordered dessert with our "new" server and literally waited a full 30 mins for it- looks like the kitchen shift changed as well?  Not impressive service Carmine's. Overall, the food isn't bad but certainly not great, but the service was the lowlight of the visit for us.  Wouldn't rush back.	0
The bread was great but entrees and sauce tasted sour!! Olive Garden crushes this place!! Super pricey and portions way too large for the first date!!! Hiccup!!! The blueberry mojitos are very good... Go for Cocktails and a bread basket then leave!!!!!	0
The food was good (what I could eat of it). Here's the problem: THEY RE-USE THE BREAD BASKETS and served us a previously used one with a piece of bread that had been torn off by a prior table. The basket had a piece of food that had managed its way in to the basket (like a sautéed onion from a prior table's dinner=GROSS!). We sent back the basket and to say it killed my appetite was an understatement. I wouldn't eat the bread, for sure.	0
I was excited to try this place after reading good reviews but I immediately regretted the decision when I got there. I guess it is my fault for not researching the menu on my own enough but because everything is served family style, the portions are huge and priced accordingly. This poses a problem when there is only 2 people dining since the plates are way too big to getting more than 1 menu item, especially if you are not taking home leftovers (which I don't want to do as I'm only visiting). I figured there would be smaller options available when I got there but there weren't. We ordered the chicken scaloppine w/lemon butter which was alright but I wouldn't recommend as it was WAY too high in sodium. I wish I would've went somewhere else...ANYWHERE else.	0
I have been to the Cinnamon Snail quite a few times and bought various things off of their menu before coming to the conclusion that I am not a fan of their pastries at all. I'm not a vegan and don't have a gluten intolerance however I do like sweet, rich tasting &amp; delicious pastries of which I'm afraid the cinnamon snail falls short on when it comes down to the deserts tasting rich and delicious. My experience from the cinnamon snail has left my mouth dry with crumbly parched desserts that lacked moisture and a rich taste (see my pic). I don't know much about gluten but if it's going to leave me with a parched dry crumbly desert then I don't want it.  Customer service at the Cinnamon Snail truck was friendly and informative and I appreciate that. Unfortunately we will be parting ways because I'm not a fan of their menu.	0
This review is only for the Creme Brulee Donut. I've read all the Yelp reviews raving about this donut, and seriously...if you're not vegan, I don't think you'll enjoy it. If you DO enjoy it, it's because you've never been to Doughnut plant and had their Creme Brulee Donut. (It's divine) This donut's bruleed shell is too hard and get's stuck in your teeth.  The dough is pleasant enough. The filling inside....there was barely any, and im glad because it was tasteless and had the consistency of old yogurt.  I SO badly wanted this to be good as I've been looking forward to trying it. I bought one for myself, and 2 others for friends of mine and we all said..Meh... I'd sooner buy a dunkin donuts old fashioned before ever eating one of these again. I was going to come back for one of their burgers for lunch but was so off put by the donut, I decided to save my $10 and eat elsewhere.	0
I was interested to test this famous food truck. in my view Its quite expensive for Vegan food and it is really for vegetarian. I tested the burrito and creme brulee donuts.  Burrito: too heavy (and i eat quite a lot). You have to love tofu very much, because there is a lot in it. Creme brûlée: was ok but not exceptionnal	0
After reading really positive reviews on Yelp, I wanted so badly to try this famous food truck. And I was finally quite disappointed. I ordered the lemongrass 5 spices seitan and a cinnamon roll after waiting half an hour on the line. It was really heavy and greasy even it was only tofu. Too much tofu kills the tofu. I think that I won't come back again.	0
The truck is serving an all vegan menu, including breakfast and lunch items. I tried the Vanilla Bourbon Creme Brûlée donut. So, I'll always keep it honest. At first glance/meeting, the donut was a bit on the greasy side. But, it's pretty easy for me to work past that. The donut itself had a really good texture with a mild crunch on the outside from the baked sugar, and soft on the inside. The dough had a very pleasant flavor, although I wasn't really getting a lot of distinguishing flavors. The top-center of the donut is where you'll find the Creme Brûlée portion. Again, pleasant, but I wasn't really hit with powerful or remarkable flavors.	0
I've seen so many positive reviews of this truck as well as some cecent articles documenting how great the food is here.  I passed by during lunch today and couldn't resist grabbing some goodies.  Needless to say, my expectations were high based on the amount of press.  I was unpleasantly let down to say the least.   My review is soley based on what I had to eat.  I had the raw pizza and a cinnamon snail. Let's start with the cinnamon snail.  A bit dry on the outer parts.  Very moist on the inside.  The cinnamon flavor was prevalent in each bite and the frosing was light and provided a good amount of sweetness.  Overall, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing either.  Honestly, I'd prefer Cinnabon for an indulgent treat.  It's great that this version might be "healthier", but why go half the way?   The raw pizza.....man oh man....$15 for a sicilian sized "slice" and a mixed green salad with cashews.  The salad was delicious.  Lightly dressed.  A bit of kick from some sort of spice and good crunch from the cashews.  I could eat a whole plate of it.  The pizza though was unbearable.  I ate about half of it and threw the rest away.  The flax seed crust had little to no flavor.  The sundried tomato sauce was a decent idea but when combined with olives, it was too salty.  The concentration of salty flavor on a flavorless base made this one of the most disappointing meals that I've ever had.  There was supposedly some sort of cashew milk cheese, but I couldn't tell because of the overpowering sauce/olives and thick flavorless crust.  All in all, it was an overpriced mess.   I've seen some good reviews regarding other items like the doughnuts, breakfast and sandwiches.  Maybe I'll give them a try at some other point, but at this point, I cannot recommend this place.   The staff was friendly and the turnaround time on the food was good, which is why I gave it 2 stars.	0
I've only had the desserts at Cinnamon Snail and thought they were nothing spectacular. I thought the doughnuts were too sweet and the inside texture wasn't soft and fluffy enough for me. Maybe these desserts are amazing for vegan. However, I am woefully inexperienced with vegan anything, and I maybe judging these doughnuts too harshly. I might give this truck another chance in the future as I hear that they have a wide selection of savory options.	0
Overall review: 2.5 They were parked in front of trader joes in union square one day, having read rave reviews on the cinnamon Snail, I had to try it. I must say however that I was quite disappointed.  Spinach feta pie 2$ - good flavor, but I finished it in 2 bites and it was super super salty French mustard seitan twist 5$ - the seitan had good texture, but the pastry again itself was extremely salty and oily Creme brulee - This had really great caramelized flavor, however it was extremely sweet and greasy Id be interested in trying their sandwich items next time, but definitely not the pastries. I thought vegan food was supposed to be healthy -__-	0
Sorry to burst the bubble, fellow yelpers. For one, I did not like the Five Spice Seitan sandwich (too heavy on the sauce and it was too salty for me) In addition, I found the doughnuts were too greasy. We ordered 3 kind of donuts: raspberry, peanut butter chocolate, and creme brule. The raspberry one was good, but the peanut butter and creme brule were just ok. To sum it up, I gave the sandwich 2 stars, and the doughnut 3 stars, so it should be 2.5 stars, but since Yelp does not have .5 increments, I round it down rather then giving it a 3 stars because of one other consideration, the price. For a food truck food, this is pretty costly ($9 sandwich, and a $3 doughnut). Again, this is just my own personal opinion, please do not hit me or anything as I see other Yelpers do love this establishment. Cheers.	0
I finally got to try their food.  I have to say I wasn't a fan.  I got 4 different donuts and didn't enjoy any of them. They were greasy and heavy and lacked flavor.	0
If I were writing this last year, I would have given it five stars.  The truck is outside my office pretty frequently so it became somewhat of a habit. This is my first sandwich (my former usual, the lemongrass/5-spice seitan) since they were on winter hiatus for a few months.  The flavor is definitely different--a whole lot less complex and interesting.  And most offensively, it's just such a grease-bomb.  Everything is COVERED in oil.  I certainly never thought this was a healthy option but it didn't used to be like you were licking fat and oil off a dirty grill. The quality has definitely gone way down...I'm sure it's tough to keep the quality high with so many customers lining up, BUT I'm confident that they have enough loyal fans to keep them nice and busy and successful without me.  Goodbye, Snail.  It's been real.	0
Their food is good but way too oily. I want my vegan food to be on the healthier side and this is anything but. Yes, they have good stuff but there's definitely better vegan in NYC. If they cut back on the oil it would be significantly better but I personally don't enjoy ordering a seitan sandwich and having to use 10 napkins to pat it down.	0
I know I'm the contrarian here but after months of hearing about The Cinnamon Snail, I tried them out today for lunch and was sorely disappointed. I had the blue corn hempseed crusted tempeh sandwich and was....underwhelmed. Tempeh was bland, the toppings were over-spiced/didn't blend well together, and the bread was meh.  I suppose it was *fine* for being vegan but I've had better vegan sandwiches. As a carnivore, no need to ever go back.	0
Gross.  Over spiced. Bread was too hard. The only thing that was good was their bottled ginger ale.  The servers were stuck up yuppy types.	0
I still haven't understood why the reviews is so high...seriously. It's OK. But no surprising. Especially, Doughnuts are too sweet, and greasy.Everyone wants such a junky one that is same as regular American doughnuts for Vegan? I wanted to understand why New Yorker's Vegan like them(It's so rare such highly rated)and tried few times. But I might retire trying to solve this riddle. Now, remember. They were OK. But I suggest that don't imagine Marvelous like you might think bout it through Yelp rated before getting them.	0
I was so excited to try their pizza, which to be fair is the first item I bought from them. I've had raw pizza before, with delicious cashew cheese on top of a flaxseed crust with a thin layer of tomato sauce. This is what I was expecting but the pizza was nothing of that sort! It was basically a flatbread made from various ingredients with no resemblance in appearance (or taste) to the real thing! For that, I was charged $15. Maybe other things are good but this experience left a bitter taste in my mouth, no pun intended...	0
Great selection of craft beer and the food was outstanding. Why the 2 star you ask? Service was HORRIBLE! Our bartender was a bored and pissed off looking lady who was not only inattentive but rude when you actually placed an order. Forget about getting her attention to get your check either. This lady gets to you when she feels like it. I have never seen a bartender in NYC who hated her job so much! It is a shame because this place is really cool! And those pretzels were so good, warm with a steaming center and crunchy outside. The $1 oysters were gigantic and fresh. May come back, but will walk out if this lady is there!	0
Cute beer garden in Manhattan. Admittedly I'm not a die-hard beer drinker, but I really couldn't stomach the taps that my friend or I ordered. (He likes beer, but he couldn't either.) Unfortunately I can't remember the names, but I do remember neither of us even tried to finish them. Don't be fooled by the $12-13 price range for sandwiches. The portions are pretty small (I can only imagine what the bites are like), and the sandwiches are very plain. That being said, happy hour and lunch specials aren't bad. Service could also be better, or maybe we just got unlucky. We got so excited every time she would bring a few plates outside, only to find it wasn't ours. Needless to say, our food took forever. We weren't in a rush, but our server so rarely came to see us that we ended up having to stalk her to get the check.	0
They lie about their hours. Freezing cold, walked blocks and blocks to go...not open, no sign.	0
Went here for brunch today.  Started with drinks - we ordered a regular bloody Mary and an espresso drink.  Girlfriend said Bloody Mary wasn't good and we were charged for a specialty one we didn't order.  Coffee took 35 minutes to get but was very good.  Immediately ordered a regular coffee, with cream and sugar on the side, received a luke warm coffee with cream and sugar in it.  They did fix that and coffee did come back very good. On to the food.  Ordered the bacon egg and cheese on a pretzel.  Came with a poached egg which was way too small for the sandwich.  Best part of my meal was the chips....very good.  Pretzel said salted but wasnt.  My gf ordered the crack Madame which is supposed to come with a poached egg and unfortunately didn't.  She didn't enjoy the sandwich as it was a bit undercooked (they did subtract the dollar for not including the egg). Overall, good coffee, bad food and slow service, though it was a friendly wait staff.  One waitress to handle all tables and made drinks, so a lot to do led to the slowness. Maybe new to brunch?  But trying to be a bit too fancy and not hitting the marks at all.  Place has a cool look to it and great beer selection but a lot needs to be done to make brunch a success.  I'd expect a lot more from a 50 dollar brunch.	0
I tried to go here (based on good reviews) and the bouncer at 1 am on a Friday push passed me as I tried to enter and stated "last call been called". When I asked how that was possible the bouncer replied "because I said so". Bouncer proceeded to tell up the street at other potential patrons about how he was "in charge". Seemed like a high class establishment with high class employees.	0
I am not one to write bad reviews, but I feel people should know.  This place has been on my "places to visit" list for a while now, and I finally went last Sunday.  The bar itself had no seats left, but the actual dining area wasn't crowded so my friend and I chose to sit at a table in the corner.  The waitress was not very friendly and told her we were just here for a drink.   In the middle of conversing with my friend, from the corner of my eye, I see a tiny, uninvited guest: a mouse!!! It proceeded to crawl under my chair where I could no longer follow where it had gone.  I pulled the waitress aside and said I did not want to cause a scene and we are not going to order anything, but a mouse just crawled under our table.  Her response was a very calm "OMG, I'm scared!"... She went over to the manager or another employee at the bar and they talked and looked back at our table.   My friend and i decided we were just going to leave and they barely acknowledged us.  I told them they should check out their rodent problem and left. I know it is common, and probably happens more than we are aware, but I'm not sure if that was the right way the staff should have handled the situation.	0
I really don't know what to say. My husband and I were looking for a place to grab dinner after an appointment this Saturday night and after seeing all of the great reviews this looked perfect. We arrived right around 7 and found seats right away and we ordered some beers along with the cheese and charcuterie plate and some of the Long Island Oysters (amazing!!!). After forty five minutes of waiting for our appetizers we finally spoke up and asked what was going on and when out food would be out. It took about another 15 minutes before we saw our appetizers but when they arrived they were delicious. While we had been waiting for our appetizers, we had also placed an order for our entrees, two sandwiches. After waiting well over an hour after our appetizers had arrived, we still had no sandwiches and we called over the waitress again (we were especially frustrated after seeing people who arrived just twenty minutes earlier getting their food when we had been waiting two hours for ours). She talked to the kitchen and they hadn't even started making our sandwiches yet so we asked her to cancel the order for the sandwiches and we left. They were nice about the entire situation and they apologized profusely but it really just got to be ridiculous. The food we did receive was very good, but after a long day when you're starving, the key is actually getting your meals, which we did not!	0
The whole craft thing has been taken way too far. It's a nice marketing ploy but unfortunately not the whole truth. The place is decent enough but...idk I just don't like drinking beer that is supposed to be craft but isn't really. Kind of like how Whistle Pig whiskey is supposed to be from a farm in Vermont but is actually imported from Canada. Sorry to burst the bubble.	0
First time I went here we had a great time. Ordered a few small plates and they had a great selection or wine and beer. Now the second and last time i went here, we barely sat down before we left. I know this is New York City but it's still no excuse on why their are nice around the table. And what Is even worse is that when i brought it to the waitresses attention she didn't seemed bothered nor did she ask if we wanted to sit somewhere else. It's a shame. Don't think I'll be back.	0
There's much to recommend this place, but its attitude sometimes stinks. On a recent visit, the bartender, when talking to a customer two-stools-down from me, mocked a question I'd asked about an obscure salty beer on the menu. If you're in the mood to be made fun of for failing to be a sufficiently snobbish beer connoisseur, this is the place for you. Else, perhaps not.	0
While the food and beer selection was good at this cool, albeit tight gastropub, it made for an annoying evening that one of our friends, who isn't a beer drinker, had to order food and soda from a waitress, and then get up and walk over to the cocktail room to get a drink off the cocktail menu. Not only that, she had to do this every time she wanted a drink and she would be gone for like 20 minutes at a time: getting through the crowd, wait to be served and make her way back. She also had to run a separate bill for this experience and it took another 15 minutes for her to cash out after we were finished and ready to go. When I asked the waitress why she couldnt just serve her, (as per her job description), she basically said that mixologist is a diva and its out of her hands. Terrible service experience.	0
Wouldn't know how good the beer was, since it was too crowded at 6:45PM on a Wednesday to get a seat or to get waited on. After 15 minutes of trying to get service, I gave up.  The beer menu looked pretty decent. Probably won't go back anytime soon.	0
First time I went to The Jeffrey, the drinks, food, and service were great. The second time I tried to go not so good. Like the first time, the place was crowded the second go around. Unlike the first time though, the staff were totally unhelpful this past Thursday. I went straight to the back hanging out by the cash register to get the attention of the waitresses, but they completely ignored me. Then headed towards the outdoor seating area, saw a waitress and asked her if I could get a seat for two outside. She said it was closed. That's fine. I then ask if there's anything available inside. She totally ignores me and goes to another table. Go back to the front and find another waitress to ask again. This one at least tells me to just wait around as some people may be finishing up. Waited a few minutes, then left. I understand it gets busy there, but try putting in some effort to customers coming in.	0
This place has potential to be a 4 or a 5 but out server was very rude.  Bad attitude, sassy and generally unhelpful.  When I asked a question she tried to make me feel dumb for asking and said she didn't know. Then I asked her if someone did know and she told me the manager wasn't there.  Toward the end another server started helping us, who was the exact opposite; smiling and extremely pleasant.  Nice backyard setup,  good beer selection and tasty apps.  The lights hanging in front of the TV is a pet peeve of mine but overall lots of potential here.  Let's just treat customers nicely this place will be fine.	0
I have been in the hospitality industry for little more than 6 years and I am obliged to write a review about an experience that I truly wanted to let go. My first visit, the place is great, abundant of fantastic beers to chose from.  I came with a bunch of  friends and coworkers, all well versed to the occupation, despite that, all of us left with a sour taste. An act of overfriendliness was perceived as a rudeness by one of the bartender who I believe talked unhighly to his peers about us- us, the  customers/guests who not only understand thier craft/occupation but do and feel it greatly. 3 carbombs( 2nd time in lifetime having it)on the way out was charged 57 dollars- charged independently of its ingredients- jameson, beer and baileys (like if its a custom of charging for your whiskey, vemouth, bitters and cherry when you order a manhattan) .   Me  and my other friend ( happened to be an award winning mixologist) were forced to leave the establishment when we were already on our way out. I felt uneasy, days after the incident,  I still wonder if its because of the most expensive mix shot or because of the confrontational unprofessionalism, that I somehow had believed wouldn't exist in a good location. Regards, <a href="mailto:quesionmark@gmail.com">quesionmark@gmail.com</a>	0
Looks great, but not great service.  I ask what IPAs are on tap and they say none.  I order something else.  Then the bartender says the IPA is back on tap.  Great.  So barkeep 2 comes by for the next round and I ask for an IPAD.  He responds, "which one - we have a lot on tap".  Wtf!??	0
I found myself here on 1/29/14 with my girlfriend, her cousin, and her fiancé on their recommendation. It's their favorite Italian restaurant. I didn't have the heart to tell them in person, but they have no taste. This is one of the worst Italian restaurants I've ever been to. It's 3:00 and I have a stomach-ache. I need to rage. Sorry I'm not sorry.  TL/DR: Almost everything is over-sauced and over-salted. Service and the wine list are good. Dish-by-dish reviews below: Apps: Polenta - too much sauce, too much garlic. Me, a first generation Italian; I have a tolerance for garlic you wouldn't believe. This is saying something.  Bruschetta - the crostini are cooked to perfection. The mushrooms were very good, recommend. Ricotta and honey is made with cheap, flavorless cheese and honey.  Mains: Gnocchi - terrible. No flavor, and the texture is all wrong. As someone who makes gnocchi from his grandmother's recipe, these are like...a 2/10 on that scale. If you like these, you clearly don't know gnocchi. Pasta with veal sauce - plate envy here. Best thing on the table. Great pasta, not overly sauced.  Short ribs - painfully salty. Ruined an otherwise good piece of meat. Veal - same issue as the short ribs.  Dessert: Tiramisu - not traditional, but a tasty dessert.  Espresso - some terrible off-brand. Not even sure it was arabica beans. Avoid.  As for the positives - the staff was prompt, polite, and courteous. Thank you for taking care of us. Additionally, the wine list was deep and not over-the-top pricey. Props to the sommelier who put the list together.	0
Some of my friends have been telling me to try the gnocchi here for the past few months. Finally I decided to give it a try for my Fiance's birthday last night and ugh, how disappointing! When we arrived at 7pm for our reservation, we were seated immediately in the back patio area, which has a nice ambiance but I'm sure is much better in the spring/summer. Add a star. When we took our seats it was a bit crowded but I'm used to that with NYC restaurants, bbbbut OMG was it hot, we were both sweating!  Our waitress came over and took our drink, app, and entree orders. We got our wine after about 5 mins and proceeded to sip and eat the bread and oil excited for the rest of the food. It took about 15/20 mins for our apps, where the rest of the tables around us got theirs within 5/8 mins.  For apps we decided to share the Mozzarella in Camicia and the Carpaccio Di Manzo. The mozzarella tasted like  frozen mozzarella sticks slathered in sauce - no flavor and not worth eating! The mozz was obviously at one point melted but when it got to us it was rock hard. The Carpaccio was good, not great due to the quality of the beef, a couple of the pieces were brown.  By this time it was apparent that they turned the heat off completely and we might as well have been seated outside on the sidewalk. I guess they cannot regulate the heat out there. The table to our right had a different waiter and when he greeted the table he offered to let them know about the specials - ummm what specials, we weren't told about any specials! For our entrees we both chose the gnocchi, the sauce was the best part about it. Gnocchi should be delicate, light, fluffy and smooth, these were dense, chewy bombs dropping in our stomachs.  The best part of the night was eating the Fragole con Crema al Mascarpone, this was delicious! Add a star.	0
Well went there with a date for drinks and ordred couple of appetizers like calamari (grilled only) that had a total of 10 SQUID/CALAMARI  pieces and rest leaves~~~!!!! I mean for reals?????? Drinks like Jameson are watered down FOR SURE!!!! with premium prices!!! its supposed to be a WINE bar and had no SHRAZ on the menu! I was recommended SYRAH! I opted for JAMESON!~ I mean you are not in downtown even a better place like Fanelli in SOHO charge this much!!!!! expect small tables and hearing more from your neighbors than from the person in front of you as the distance sideways is much less!!! I would not reccomnd this place to anyone! Edit: Some one sent me a message that Syrah and Shiraz are same and that I was a "retard".  They are cause the grapes used called Syrah and the process involved t produce these wines are the same, but to say they are same is technically wrong!  If you had Shiraz (branded in aussie lands) its more fruitier while Syrah is more drier!  They have different taste profile!   Hope it helps!!!	0
Wtf  a hr wait after they told us 35 minutes and they food was good but it left such a bad taste in my mouth when they were hawking us to finish faster.  It should be considered a fast food restaurant rather than fine dining.  Management was pushy esp to bus boy who eventually kept asking if we're done with our dish. Rude	0
Went there for brunch with 7 of my friends. Pros:  - Accommodates large groups - Trendy &amp; warm atmosphere  Cons: - Food is too garlicky ... Or too BLAND - Too expensive for the quality of the dishes you are served   Disappointed.	0
I ordered the pappardelle ($19) with high expectations, but what came out was mushy -- both the pasta and the ragu, and overly salty. It might have been slightly better if I didn't tell them I was in a hurry, but still it was really disappointing that this can ever happen to a restaurant. I'd be willing to give them another chance but I don't live in NYC.	0
If I could give this 0 stars, I would. The first time I came here, the food was completely forgettable, but not disgusting. The second time, the hostess was utterly rude and incompetent. We had made a reservation and checked in as soon as we arrived, she told us to wait on the side and then completely ignored us. When I checked in about 10 minutes later, she appeared to be irritated and said that it would be awhile before we would be able to be seated. What's the point of making a reservation if you still have to wait half an hour to get a table? Typical courtesy would have been to voluntarily update the customer, but she felt no need for that.  Even if the bad service wasn't a factor, I still think that the only reason why this place is still in business is because of the dearth of decent restaurants in the area. Do yourself a favor and take a subway/cab downtown where you will find an abundance of better options with much better service.	0
Although the ambiance is cute, the food and drinks were extremely underwhelming and the service wasn't great either. I had high hopes for the gnocchi, but it was very heavy and one-dimensional.	0
Not impressed. Food was okay. Was looking for a good Italian restaurant to eat after walking around the Met for hours. Yelp led me to this place, only to leave me disappointed after the meal. Here is what was ordered: Bigoletti Di Barbabietole - Red beet fingerling gnocchi in a gorgonzola sauce with baby spinach and yellow grape tomatoes Pollo Alla Partenopea - Breast of chicken filled with caciocavallo cheese, with plum tomato sauce &amp; artichokes Did we order the wrong items? I think if you're a good restaurant that has almost 800 reviews and 4 stars, all your plates should be delicious... right?	0
I guess  I was in a different place than the last reviews. Romance if you like noise ,tables smaller than your dish and people eating at your elbow? Service ask twice for a menue,cheese,salt &amp;pepper,oh yes your table isn't ready have a seat at the bar,oh the empty table that I saw became available as soon as I got my drinks? Now the food : mixed antipasto fresh and very good, pasta gnocchi w truffles tasted like library past with cheap truffle oil,no truffles in sight,awful,fusilli and veal meatball special,over done pasta with ragu (the jar stuff) meatballs tasted like jarred garlic hard as a rock, stale bread wasn't anything that looked good before it went stale, do your self a favor go anywhere else,even Pizza Hut .	0
Unfortunately this was my biggest disappointment of a meal in the Big Apple, coming from Los Angeles. 4 stars with 1000 reviews would give you a great meal in Los Angeles almost every single time. I tried their two "most highly recommended and popular" dishes by the waitress and both of us could not finish half of it! Had the Gnocchi di Roccota with black truffle sauce. It's hard to screw things up when you add amazing Truffle sauce, but this was too sweet, the pasta was completely soft with no texture like it was overcooked. The second dish Fettucine con Gamberi e Zucchine was undercooked with difficult to chew pasta, a bit too salty, and unimpressive overall as well. The service by the waiters were good/average. However one of the hispanic busboys pissed us off when he slammed the olive oil bottle on the table in front of us when we asked him if he could get some for us. Ridiculous -out of place low-class behavior demonstrated in a place like this if you ask me. I hate to say this but given our entire experience for the night, I wish I never came here and had gone to the trendier Eataly instead.	0
In a word, "unimpressive." Yet another over-hyped Italian joint on Manhattan's East side. The atomsphere's great but food mediocre. Mushroom Bruschetta - bland (better with cheese on top), Goat cheese Bruschetta - exactly what it says; nothing special. The burrata wasn't bad but it wasn't anything to write home about. Pasta itself was decent. Homemade. The gnocchi everyone raves about was a bit over done and heavy as heck. As was the pesto pasta. The chicken in red sauce was really bland. Our server was nice but completely uninterested in hospitality or wasting her time. The first time she came over, ten minutes after we sat, without even saying hello, she simply said "are we ready to order?" Like a fast food joint. If you want really great Italian and don't mind wine bar only, definitely try Erminia. Awesome.	0
It pains me to write this review, but unfortunately I was sorely disappointed by this place Saturday night. My boyfriend and I decided to come here for our anniversary dinner on Saturday night and he was told on the phone they do not take reservations for parties of two. Since we came here on our first date and enjoyed the food very much we decided to come anyway without a reservation. Big mistake. We get to the door and it's extremely crowded. I was given an estimated wait time of 40 minutes and gave my number so we could receive a text once our table was almost ready. After walking around for 50 minutes we head back to ask how much longer we' would have to wait and were told it would be 10-15 minutes. We pop into a bar 2 doors down to wait AND I'm still waiting for that text three days later. We waited at the bar for about an hour before realizing we were never getting that text. I was very disappointed because when we did come the gnocchi and bruschetta were amazing and I was very much looking forward to having it again. Luckily, we were able to go to Boqueria a few blocks down and were sat almost immediately and the food was great.	0
Unfortunately, I was overall disappointed with my experience here. The food was below mediocre. The soup "specials" were bland and served at room temperature. The decor of the restaurant is far superior to the kitchen's product.  I definitely expected more.	0
Two stars for outside patio. It is great and a nice escape from the hustle and bustle of the city. The food is not tasty at all. We had the calamari which was not crispy. It wasn't soggy but it was like rubber, it was thick and  hard to chew. The carpaccio was ok but not recommended. Gnocchi or duck breast were not recommended either. To sum up not recommended.	0
Ok I was excited for this restaurant but I seriously don't get all the hype. The food wasn't that great and came in small portions. It was bland yet expensive for the amount. The service is kinda slow but they're super nice. They make conversation with you, so that's a plus. Also, the interior is beautiful. One thing I hated is that they charged you $3 per person for asking them to bring out a pre bought cake. BUT I PAID FOR THE CAKE. Of course, not from them so they need to make a profit. BS. But not a lot of restaurants I went to do that. That was upsetting. Just come here for a drink, but don't stay for the food.	0
Based on the vegan menu....... You'll be approached with a basket of bread with 2 choices: sourdough and chive dinner roll accompanied with olive oil instead of butter, and sea salt on the side. The bread is a tad cold but I assume it's meant to be room temperature.  Onto the vegan tasting menu (it's a vegetarian menu they alter to make it vegan): Braised Hinona Turnips (Radishes and Pickled Mustard Seed) - to me, it was basically a few slices of raw turnips and radish with seeds on the side.  Assorted mushrooms - the best dish I had so far. What could go wrong with mushrooms?  Beet Salad, Quinoa, Kohlrabi and Pistachios - 2nd best dish. Maybe it was the quinoa that grabbed my attention? I was glad to see it wasn't another dish with raw vegetables with no sauce.  Butternut squash and Japanese sweet potato - here comes the starch! Flavor? Eh.  Drink: Quince/pear/California beer  Apple pomegranate drink before dessert  Dessert:  Trio sorbet: Apple lychee, cranberry, pear. I enjoyed the apple lychee the most since it was something new.  Apple jelly - reminded me of the Asian fruit jellys.  Atmosphere, ambience and service - I was a tad thrown off by the seating arrangement and style. It felt gloomy. In terms if service, you'll definitely get the attention you need since there is a lot of staff and they are super friendly! The space between other parties varies depending on your seat. I sat near the entrance to another dining floor so it was spacious. If you're looking for something similar to Per Se, this isn't for you.	0
Warning: They hired a new dessert chef 6 months ago so all the highly acclaimed desserts this place had are NOT available anymore. This includes the famous bread pudding. Instead, for $16 you can choose from a list of one word descriptions of what you're ordering like "orange" or "apple" If you make reservations for this place, you will be seated in the Dining area.  Keep in mind the that you can ONLY order the $95 3-course tasting menu here.  Reservations can be made 1-2 days ahead if you're flexible with times.  After looking around at what other tables had, the portions looked really small. We're talking about 2-3 bites. Yes that's essentially $20 a bite here between your app and main dish. I cant imagine anyone could actually leave this place feeling satisfied. The front bar/tavern area does not do reservations and you just have to wait around for a table - first come first serve. The menu there is ale cart and completely different. If you're looking for amazing desserts, check out County right next door if you want some seriously delicious bread pudding without the pretentiousness.	0
It was my second visit to this famous establishment, and my first in the DINING ROOM.  My past meal in the Taverna was very good. However, my experience in the fancier dining room was a lot different. I just went today for lunch and ordered their tasting menu. That was my mistake, because I'd get up 2 and a half hours later hungrier than before.  The waitress was very professional and accommodating, but the amount of food we were served was below anything imaginable. I know that tasting menus mean that all you get is a taste of several dishes. However, you'd think that after 5 of those you would be ok. Not stuffed, but ok. Not a chance. We were served so little food we had to ask for bread (which comes one small slice at the time) several times.  What made this worse was the painfully slow service. We sat down at 1p and left after 3:20p. I asked for the check as soon as they came with our desserts, otherwise we'd still be there. When you're served a decent amount of food, it's not bad to wait in between dishes; I don't mind it at all. However, it's extremely difficult to appreciate food when you get to eat two small bites every 20-25 minutes. No exaggerations, folks: 2 bites each "course"!  How was the food? We didn't have big complains, but it wasn't sensational. The braised turnips were ok. The beet mezzaluna too little to judge. The chowder tasty but barely enough to get an idea. And the "entree" duck consisted in three tiny pieces of meat over a couple of spoons of mushrooms, hazelnuts and leeks. Delicious, I'll give you that, but smaller than a mid-size appetizer. The desserts were bigger than the duck (no jokes). I couldn't wait to get out.  We kept seeing sizable dishes parading around us, which confirmed the deadly mistake we'd made ordering the tasting menu. I guess you're treated differently if you order a la carte. Honestly, I don't know what to think. And I'll never know, because I have no reason to ever go back to the dining room.  If you charge people for giving them food, you've got to make sure they don't get up hungry. True, the more expensive the restaurant, the smaller the portions. We all know this. But there's a line that shouldn't be crossed, and today the dining room of Gramercy Tavern crossed it big time.	0
Not a happy camper. Smoked trout was meh. Lamb was meh. Everything about it was meh. Except for the dishes that I didn't order (i.e. gf's dishes, free between-courses dishes, for you to try desert dishes).  Was seated in the classier section, ambience was fine. Service was fine. But food was meh.	0
This place fell flat for me. I made reservations and was waiting for a friend to arrive, notifying the hosts. I offered to sit at the bar in the meantime, but the three hosts behind the stand promptly ignored me. Hmm....a chance to monetize a customer's waiting time was ignored. Well done, hosts!  Anyway, after my friend arrived, we were seated by a bubbly and nice server in a "bleh" dining room. I thought she would be the saving grace of our experience. Then I tasted the food. Mediocre beet salad and lamb entree along with a hair in my friend's soup (which was quickly replaced but not comped) all made me feel ripped off. On top of that, a green tea dessert that was not paired well with fruit and had a very strong matcha taste (despite being described as a "light green tea" flavor by our server) dampened the end of the less-than-stellar meal.  The highlight of our experience was the cocktail selection. It was thoughtful and appetizing, for which I am granting this place +1 star.	0
The food was pretty good.  And the service was good and it's a pretty setting.   But my wife and I just spent $400 on dinner, and she wants pizza on the way home.  We are stopping for pizza.  There is just something wrong with that.  After spending $400, you shouldn't have to be thinking about pizza.   And by the way, in case you think otherwise, we are thin, fit, Manhattanites.	0
Service 4/5 - overall pretty good, nice waitstaff Food 2/5 - portions were small to reasonable and items certainly seemed perfectly fresh it's just that I can't recommend most of the dishes I sampled: Appetizers    Flatbread, Braised Lamb, Pickled Peppers and Crispy Potatoes    3/5 -- bland, nothing memorable    Raw &amp; Roasted Root Vegetables    2/5 -- visually appealing though the dipping sauces were bland the actual vegetables weren't anything special Entrees    Duck Confit, Broccoli, Emmer and Asian Pear    3/5 -- duck was well cooked and presented but had little flavor    Cheese Kielbasa, Braised Red Cabbage and Pickled Yellow Eye Beans    3/5 -- bland, not very strongly seasoned or flavored at all Desserts    Pear Betty, Cinnamon Bread Pudding, Blueberries and Madeira Ice Cream    2/5 -- bland, could not even taste any strawberries and barely any cinnamon    Cheesecake    3.5/5 -- pretty good, very small portion though Perhaps my palette isn't sophisticated enough for this type of cuisine though my companions all agreed that the food wasn't sufficiently seasoned	0
OVERPRICED! Everything is great but not the main - food. The food from 3 course menu (92$ per pers) was on the lowest level for such restaurant. The choice of main course is poor. You can see the beans ( taste like heinz actually) in every dish. Starters was not bad but after that a disaster became.  I had a lamb loin (2 piec sized like baby's palm) with smelly cabbage like in USSR. Second party had a pork loin . It tasted like smoked turkey breast wich was cooked couple of days ago.  Cocktails was 80% ice Desert? I think you can guess. The only plus its service.	0
See and 'want to be seen' crowd is just too much hard work for a hefty price tag. Wait for 'cafe' table can be huge. Ultimately the food is decent but not worth the price tag and wait.  I'm happy sticking to very good options available within 10 blocks. Plenty of tourists and folk in from burbs for a treat..I'll pass.	0
If you've tried tasting menus at 1, 2 and 3 Michelin star restaurants before, you will be very disappointed here. If it is your first tasting menu experience, you will love all the "extras" that you are not expecting such as the amuse, the dessert cookies, and the petit fours. You will likely not call home about the food itself, but at the quantity of good you are getting.	0
Was totally looking forward to my visit to GT to celebrate my girlfriend's BD.  Aside from the bread and the service, the food left quite a bit to be desired.  We both ordered sea bass per the server's recommendation.  Overly salted, and both pieces were half as thick as normally received in other establishments.  If not for the good bread we would have been left starving.  So, after coming in from Dallas, and choosing GT over 1000's of other restaurants in the city, I was totally disappointed and out $200.  Maybe we should stick with hamburgers from the Shack.	0
In attempt to make up for leaving his dirty socks everywhere (I finally reached my limit) my husband and I had lunch at Gramercy Tavern today.  Just as I do not understand why my husband can't put his socks away, I do not get the hype about Gramercy Tavern. In any case, my husband now has two things to make up for: leaving his socks everywhere and taking me for a sub-par lunch for leaving his socks everywhere. Ambiance: Let's start with the good. This place is beautiful! The decor is really just stunning, kind of like Tavern in Brentwood, CA (maybe the same owners?) but less packed. Open, airy, spacious.  Service: Can't complain. Servers were on it at all times. Food: Mostly terrible. *Warm Lobster Salad - The lobster was very chewy and the portion was tiny for $18. I was utterly underwhelmed with the lack of salt and flavor. *Cauliflower Soup - Not my thing at all. The soup had a strange bitter taste. My husband seemed okay with it. Or maybe he was too scared to say anything? * Smoked Arctic Char - This entree was almost not edible. The smoked flavor was just too much...it tasted like smoked salmon (which I love) but magnified 10 times. It was just wrong. * Halibut - Finally something tasty! My husband ordered this as his main and it was nearly perfect. I loved the tomato water and the potatoes. The eggplant was a bit greasy but I'm splitting hairs here. So maybe my palate isn't elevated enough or something but seriously, I wished I was at Chipotle during the entire lunch, where I could have had 5 burrito bowls for the price of my chewy lobster and too-smoky char. Obviously I'm the only one on Yelp who feels this way but I (and my husband) have no plans to return to Gramercy Tavern.	0
This review is based on dining back in Feb 2014, mostly due to the poor service of our table captain. My past visits at Gramercy Tavern had mostly ups. Usually the food is over the top excellent, rarely at times too salty or saucy. But the last visit we had made few weeks before was great, so when we had to find a quiet place for an important dinner, we decided to go for Gramercy Tavern. And this is how our evening went down. Our table captain (or head waiter), came to explain the menu and he was speaking very fast so I asked him whether he could slow down a bit as our guests do not speak English very well. Then he responded with some words, like should I even speak or bother reading or something along those lines. I was shocked and thought I must have misheard his joke. Anyway, this continued throughout the night.  Our guests had brought a couple bottles of wine as a gift to the guests and when we asked our head waiter to serve them, he gave the expression that he was annoyed. I can understand, but expressly showing was just classless. Our guests had flown and brought the wine in the bubble bag which one of the guests quietly asked whether he could return it, instead of quietly responding, he interrupted the conversation and made a loud statement to the whole table that why we would want it back, when we can easily buy this elsewhere (with laughter making it sound like a joke but no one at the table was laughing). Then continued interruptions throughout this serious dinner. Other guests also commented what was wrong with our head waiter. I was very angry and upset, at a point I wanted to call the general manager and ask to change our server. I had to sit through - several additional interruptions without excuse me or pardon me while the guests were speaking, again instead of asking one person whether the different vintage wine can be poured in same glass or not, announcing to everyone on the table. He seemed very comfortable being crudely casual with guests and now, writing this review makes me furious once again thinking of that evening. I don't even remember what the food tasted like. Our guests were clearly annoyed and we left as soon as the dessert was served. I apologized to everyone after the dinner for the poor service and selection of the restaurant. That's how bad and obvious it was.  To be fair to the restaurant, I had not received this level of service before at Gramercy. But will I ever host an important meeting or dinner at this restaurant? Probably not. And if Gramercy Tavern reads this review, it is too bad that you have a staff like this working at your restaurant. We were party of 6 in the right-center of the main room on a Monday evening. If this helps, you could provide a better training opportunity for this person.	0
Why I decided to go to Gramercy Tavern: I absolutely believe in Yelp and its reviews.  I've been yelping for YEARS - 2007 to be specific.  So when I always see Gramercy Tavern appear on the top ten of all time NYC restaurants, I figured it must be hands down great and I must save it for a special occasion. My boyfriend turned 30 and I took him here this past Wednesday.  We were both very excited.  He got the $120 tasting menu and I picked the $102 vegetable tasting menu.  His remarks were simple: 2 out of the 5 dishes were good (lobster salad and duck breast).  Mine were as follows.... so brace yourself: yes, I'm a vegetarian but this tasting menu should be called "bland vegetables aka peas tasting menu" as I had a lot of peas and for paying $102, I cringed.  This was the worst decision as I did not think any of my options were hitting home - at least the shiitake lasagna was fine, but again, is this worth this hype? No way. The desserts just became abundant with special chocolates and a take home muffin for breakfast.  I just walked away dropped about $400 (including a bottle of wine that was $70) and felt really upset.  To be honest, I felt outraged that this is where I took him.  Mind you, the 2 stars is for service, but I just felt very taken advantage of by Danny Meyers and his hospitality group.   If food is that expensive, I wish it had taste and creativity.  I ate bland vegetables that could have cost me $10, let alone $102. Please avoid at all costs.	0
The food is good, a bit earthy for my palate, but that's irrelevant to my review.  The attitude of the bar staff is complete crap.  I had a reservation in the main dining room, arrived 10 min early to grab a drink at bar, and was told i couldn't sit at the bar because the bar seats are reserved, so that means there is no place to sit while you wait for your table.  Maitre'd had no sympathy. This set up sucks, the staff was rude and just reminded me why the only time i ever come here is if I'm forced by someone who doesn't know New York well enough to pick another restaurant.	0
Not worth $92/person.  Took my boyfriend here for his birthday.  We had kale salad, smoked trout, lamb 2 ways, and black bass.  Kale salad was way too sour / tasted like they just poured lemon juice all over it (and soaked some maraschino cherries in vinegar and tossed it with some slivered almonds), and my black bass with 4 pieces of fingerling potatoes was inedible because it was way too salty. Exchanged it for flounder which then was bland and on a bed of some mushy vegetables. Yes the fish was moist but this was definitely not Michelin-star worthy food. Smoked trout was OK, tasted fine, missing textural element (everything was so mushy) and lamb was nothing to write home about.  Service? Just because they bring you new utensils for every course and get water refills, that doesn't mean that's superb service. That's basic. We couldn't flag down a server when we needed them and after waiting about 15 minutes for a birthday cake that didn't come (that I specifically requested ahead of time and even called about, twice), gave up and asked it to go-- the server came back with a COAT CHECK TAG saying We "can go pick it up on our way out". I've never had anyone give me a coat check tag for my food that I'm getting to-go. Received a mumbling apology from some manager and got some cookies &amp; muffin (probably from another bakery) to go as well.  Eh. There are way too many good places in NYC for me to come back here.	0
Decor: 3.5/5 -Large and spacious, divided into the Tavern and Dining area -The ambiance got slightly warm throughout the night which may have affected my dining experience Service: 2/5 -6 courses taking 3 hours is a bit too much, especially when the seat cushion are extremely uncomfortable (which affected my dining experience) -The two drink suggestions by our server were both fails.  Food: 1.5/5 -We opted for the seasonal tasting menu @ $116 each. Tonight may have been a fluke or something but I only enjoyed 2 of the 6 dishes and that was the warm lobster salad, the pre-dessert (doesn't count) and the butter pecan ice cream. -Peconic Bay Scallops were almost tasteless in a dark pink sauce that was sour -Warm Lobster Salad was decent. The lobster was definitely not frozen but this dish wasn't special. -Smoked Sturgeon...I honestly can't remember what this tasted like which means it wasn't impressive x: -Roasted Duck Breast came with four slices. The duck was heavy and tender which made me cut off the fat to prevent myself from feeling sick -Butter Pecan Ice Cream was amusingly the best part of the night.	0
I just have higher standards! First they canceled my lunch reservation and the manager was very rude even though they put it back on not much apologetic about their obvious mistake ! Zero star for management  Service was not at the level it should be -2 star at most Now for food, maybe I should have ordered tasting menus but no one in my party was up for it and I felt it will be piggish to do if while you are the only one. However I expected at least my red snapper to be awesome, but the fish was inconsistently cooked !!!! Comoooon ! It was tasty though but again I have higher standards - 2 star the most Special appetizer pasta dish was nice -4 star  Dessert - dark chocolate was really mehh and I tried my friend dessert witch was mehh as well ( forgot what it was but some cake with vanilla ice cream and sumac !)  -2 star  So to conclude I think I might go back for dinner but I do not like inconsistent restaurants !! And there is a need that executive management have a closer look at poor performance of store level management !	0
Reviews by Dan T and Rick B (and others like them) are spot on. The decor is lovely and warm, and the service is very attentive and technically strong (although lacking in true hospitality). The food, however, is lackluster at best. We had the Seasonal Tasting Menu, and there wasn't a single item that blew us away. Each item was just good, not great, and that's just not good enough for a restaurant with this type of reputation. Additionally, while one would expect small portions in a tasting menu, the portions were so ridiculously small that it really borders on the absurd. It appears that the Gramercy Tavern is taking advantage of its reputation, and perhaps there are enough folks out there non-discerning enough to challenge it, that they are now simply taking advantage of their customers. Such a shame.	0
Visiting Freedom Plaza so wanted a decent restaurant in walking distance. Read review and decided to give St. George's a chance. Restaurant is in an old church so super cool. Restaurant is open, spacious, and nice atmosphere. That's really about it since the food was average.  The menu is part American and Asian so I really don't think they did either real well. My son's angus burger looked like it was pre-formed. I had the lunch special which came w soup, rice, and main course for 12.00. The food was part cool and warm which gave a impression that some was pre-cooked. My daughter had Mac and cheese which looks average.  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant. I would recommend to simplify their menu and do it well.	0
This restaurant is deplorable.  We ordered breakfast and had to get up and get our own silverware, ketchup, jelly, only to be served cold eggs, raw bacon, and an untoasted English muffin.  And to top the meal off one of the waiters lost his temper when customers began to complain about the non-existent service and loudly said, "What is with everybody being so FUCKING rude." then stormed out of the room.  What kind of restaurant hires waiters who curse in front of customers and children - yep we had our 5 year old daughter with us.  And HE NEVER APOLOGIZED!  He only smirked as I refused to pay for the meal and then stormed out again.  This restaurant should be ashamed of themselves for this behavior.	0
Service not just bad, really really bad!  Excited that this location was to be reopened; used to be Moran's and while a bit out of our way, was always worth it.....wish I could say the same for St. George Tavern. Hostess was consumed on a cell phone call, she never greeted or got off the phone for the large party (7) in front of us which waited then left, we saw the tables were full so we sat at one of the high top tables in the center....big mistake.  Never sat on an uncomfortable bar stool but there is always a first time....and this was it.  Low backs coupled with no foot rest and the fact the table top is also low, lower than the bar top made it very uncomfortable. We witnessed folk squirming and coats (very low backs on the stools) falling onto the floor. We were given menu's but servers kept walking past us, I finally went to the bar to get drinks....finally a server came by. We finally ordered and waited....and waited....and observed there were issues with almost every table....four folks sitting at a table food for two would come out and the rest waited and waited....third meal came out and was wrong....yikes.  Someone left and we grabbed their table...was pretty clean but no one came by to wipe it off.  Sanitation seems to be a second thought, when the folk at the table next to us left, server wiped the table with a dry napkin and stuff on the table went to the chairs and floor! You get the picture.....apparently two kitchens here, Chinese and Western so we were told, they don't coordinate the timing of meals with a split order.  Kitchen is downstairs and there are two lifts that bring food up. This restaurant also provides room service to the newly opened Holiday Inn....which is next door. There was plenty of staff....hostess looked like she sucked lemons for a living....the server we had spent most of her time apologizing to her tables and definitely knew things were bad. This place has potential but absentee management is CLEARLY an issue. Good news....food was good but first time I had to order a side of rice and priced separately with Chinese food. Great bar but change out those bar stools!	0
I'm not sure what happened. We went one week and the menu and place seemed great. The Holiday Inn opened next to it and now they are serving the Holiday Inn menu??? Literally, the Holiday Inn menu with the branding and everything. No clue what happened, but I won't be going back. The food was terrible and none of the same nice people were there. Too bad too because it's such a cool looking place right across the street from me.	0
Nice cocktail selections, but most of them (I tried 4) were on the sweet side that I didn't think made them good enough to be memorable. Food was fine, but some need more "thoughts" from the chef.  Why would you pile up the salmon and guac in a cocktail glass and top it cilantro that you can not mix and have no choice but to eat from the top, which is just cilantro.  Presentation is not everything if it's pain in the neck to eat it.  Mac &amp; cheese was OK.  Fish was tasty.  But Fries were not crispy.	0
I would give a higher rating however: The experience at the host stand was absolutely horrid. I grasp that Hell's Kitchen has mostly smaller spaces to dine in. I came to Bea at 5 pm on a Saturday night right when they opened with my friend and -- uh oh, a stroller. This was my first time out  to dinner for a drink since having my baby. The place was empty, yet with one look at my stroller the hostess said they were fully booked at the moment. I asked for next available to which she replied 7pm (the most commonly booked dinner reservation slot on a weekend?) I said yes to which she replied: oooo, looks more like 7:30. Again, I said yes. She took my first name and that was all.  We went back to my apartment to hang out before dinner. We called at 6:40 to confirm that our 7:30 reso was still there, upon which we found out SHE BOOKED US FOR 7. Rude.  We arrived for 7 and the new host said the booth right by the door was about to leave, perfect. Then he looked at the stroller and said he actually had a perfect table for us..it was in the back corner of the restaurant on a tiny 2 top. I get it, I brought my baby. He slept the entire time we were there, it was more disruptive for me to make everyone at the bar scoot in so I could pass than if they just sat us at the original table. Mind you in the process I lost the host, he had to come back to the bar to fetch me.  Service was normal, the waitress was nice and possibly drunk. She recommended the Sancerre which I really enjoyed. The green pasta was heavy, but I liked it. Overall, the host stand sucked a big one, so I won't go back. I came at 5 to be courteous!	0
I can barely give this place 2 stars.  One for ambiance and atmosphere and the other for service.  Unfortunately the food here is completely lacking.  I had the filet mignon which was so tough it was practically uneatable.  I don't even think it was the right cut of meat.  The waiter took it back to the chef who offered to prepare another one but we did not have the time as we had a show to catch.  The waiter was very nice though and did not charge us for this entry.   My husband had the mushroom pizza which he said was tasteless.  My meat and french fries that came with it were also absolutely unseasoned and there was no salt and pepper on the table.  We are diffidently not coming back to this place.	0
2.75 stars to be exact.  Ate here with G after we watched Matilda on Broadway.   This place has an amazing vibe - movies projected on walls were a very classy touch.  The reason for the okay review is mostly for the food and value for the drinks provided.  We order about 5 appetizers and a pizza to share.  Nothing was memorable except for the Beet salad which was crack. Would not be back, but not a bad option if you have to be by the Theater District.	0
Before I made a reservation here, I looked at the menu online which is just as confusing in real life as it is online. You can't really tell what's an appetizer, a side dish, or an entree.  -- This restaurant and my experience was really disappointing. How is it possible that the tables surrounding my party of 5, including a table of 8, got their food and finished their meals before my table even got our food? Unless they were catching the shrimp in the HOUR AND A HALF we waited for our food, this experience was definitely unsatisfactory. Three of us had the same plate! The entree portions are also small and my pasta wasn't hot so it wasn't like they JUST cooked it.  My table asked to speak with the manager and they didn't even let us speak to him because the event coordinator "oversaw" the manager which was a complete lie. After much complaining, they said they were buying us a round of shots which is another lie because EVERYONE else around us got shots. Explain to me why the event coordinator took a shot with us. That's so unprofessional especially after seeing how upset we were. Shots or no shots, we still wanted to talk to the manager.  Also, the event coordinator said they were to compensate some of our meal for their terrible service but when they brought us the check, our bill wasn't discounted. The event coordinator told us to speak to the manager about the discount but the "manager"/someone we spoke to wouldn't stand by the event coordinator's word, after the event coordinator said he "oversaw" the manager.  We argued with the "manager" for half an hour after he made a bunch of excuses and claimed that we placed our order later than we claimed. We ordered our food when we got our drinks and we had photos on our phones of our drinks with timestamps on them backing up our claim. Our waitress messed up, didn't even apologize and avoided my table the rest of the night by passing on our bill to another waitress. I've never had such terrible customer service in my life, even in New York City. I'm never coming back here again and definitely do not recommend this restaurant. Do yourself a favor and choose somewhere else to eat.	0
First thing I notice is the feel of the place...Love the decor, it's cozy and warm with low lighting. I head to the bar to wait for my friend to arrive for dinner. Right off the bat, no Templeton Rye!!! Ok, I get it....its not a popular Rye. So I ask for a Jack on the Rocks! Guess what? They have NO Jack Daniels!!! How do you NOT have Jack Daniels? You lose a Star just for that!  What shall I order then? The bartender who dropped the info on the no drinks, leaves a menu and walks away, not even bothering to wait for me to decide what to drink. WTF? Maybe I wasn't pretty enough for him. So I sit and wait for this guy to come back around. He does NOT come back around...I'm starting to get fuckin' annoyed!  So, I WAVE DOWN (YES! I had to wave this girl down) another bartender, very attractive girl (not sure why I just included that part), and asked her if I can order a drink (Sarcasm was lost in translation). I mean...you ARE in the business to sell food AND Drinks, RIGHT? She was much better than the first bartender, and I settled for a Maker's on the Rocks! At this point, I wasn't even sure that I wanted to stay... The bar is busy for a Wednesday night. Not packed but busy (all seats taken and not many people standing). You don't have to shout but if you concentrate, you can pretty much hear everyone's conversation. The oldest person at the bar has got to be me: I'm 42 The majority are couples and I'm pretty sure they can handle midsized groups if they throw some tables together. Booths line the front with a window view of the street (43rd Street). Wait, I see a couple that may be in their 50's! So, I'm NOT the oldest at the bar. Whew!  Projected movies play on the white brick walls. One is most definitely a silent movie, that I suspect might be Nosferatu...Not certain though . The other is Spies Like Us. I love that fuckin movie! "Doctor" There's a third movie, I just noticed behind me. I have no clue what that shit is! Low hanging light bulbs, you know...the clear bulbs that you can see the wire glow...those are what provide the majority of light...that and some candles. No...the silent movie is that classic shot of the girl laying across the tracks, tied with rope...Anyone know the name of that one? Now they're playing Space Balls behind me! My friend arrives on time (shocker) and we get a seat in one of the booths by the window. We order starters and entrees...and the WAIT begins! How long does it take to make a fuckin Salad and Macaroni &amp; Cheese? The place isn't packed, so what's the hold-up? Twice the waitress had to apologize about the wait and told us she informed her manager.  It took 30 minutes to get a Salad and Macaroni &amp; Cheese! THIRTY MINUTES!!!! At one point I told her, "I'm usually a patient kinda guy, but this is ridiculous!" She apologized again! Finally the STARTERS come out...and I have to say the food is GOOD! Really Good!  Dinner was very good...Once we got our silverware! You drop the food off and don't even notice there's no Silverware? We had to ask another waiter to bring us a set.  I had the Steak and my friend had Salmon. Both were excellent! After dinner, who I can only assume was the manager came over and mumbled (Yes - He Mumbled) what I could ONLY assume (again) an apology. I'm not really sure what he said, cause he mumbled! I would think that they would have offered us a drink on the house or take the price of the dessert off the bill....NOPE! NOTHING! Just a MUMBLED Apology! The food service sucks! The waitress was pleasant and apologetic, but the overall service, including the first asshole bartender, SUCKED! It sucked so much, that I will not be coming back and I will NEVER recommend this place to anyone...... even though, the food was so very good! I'm actually kinda shocked after reading so many great reviews on this place! That is the main reason I picked this place for a nice Birthday Dinner for my friend...I was so disappointed and she was as well.	0
The service was good.  The food was awful.  Filet minion was hard to chew and pizza was tasteless.  They definitely do not know how to cook.  Honestly, I do not understand people who say "Wow!", unless they work there and were asked to write a review.  There is absolutely nothing "Wow!" in that place.	0
Truth be told, this is the restaurant that inspired me to join yelp after five + years of consistent use.  My wife ordered the lamb chops, and one of the three chops served was raw. Literally, raw. We sent it back (the one chop) and it came back a second time ALMOST raw. (Not medium rare, like a tasty lamb chop should be. But raw.) I ordered a burger. It came out cold. The waiter didn't return to our table for twenty minutes so I ate it. (Meh.) The tables are tiny. I don't think text can do it justice so check out the uploaded pictures.  Also waited at least twenty minutes for our drinks and did not order during a busy time.  The appetizers were served simultaneously to the entree.  In rereading my review, I feel like two stars is an incredible generous review -- and if I find myself vomiting in several hours, I will revisit and edit accordingly. Good luck.	0
Arrived at 8 with a party of 4. Was told the wait was 30 minutes. Although there were "reserved" empty tables. Wait turned into an hour. We finally got a table and placed our order. 45 minutes later the first two plates arrived. 10 minutes later they had finally served the last person's plate. Never have I seen such slow service and so many different people working, yet unable to complete a simple service. While the drinks are cool and I love the ambiance, I definitely won't be coming back here for lackluster service and average food.	0
I'm sorry that I have to add to the bad service reviews because Bea looks terrific and I would like to enjoy it.  But I'm reluctant to go any further in my exploration of this venue after one attempt to feel comfortable here was not successful.   The first thing I noticed was the lack of a menu posted outside. Virtually all NYC restaurants post their menus for the convenience of passers-by and first time guests.  But I saw the menu online and had a good idea of what is served. Then I asked about happy hour specials and was told quite proudly that Bea does not have happy hour. Fine, although 99% of bars and restaurants in the Theater District do have happy hour, and I hate being made to feel gauche for asking a question.  Finally I ordered a glass of wine and when I did the bartender snapped the menu shut and took it away.  That's a small thing, I know, but in my experience at 99% of bars during dinner service, after you order a drink, the bartender will ask if you are going to have something to eat and leave the menu if you say yes.  Not at Bea.  Bea is an outlier. At this point, I could sense the way things go here--you have to ingratiate yourself to the cooler-than-thou hipster staff in some way  to get good service--and I decided not to ask for the menu back and thus skip dinner at Bea. I believe good service is every customer's by right; we shouldn't have to work for it. The glass of wine was good.	0
The food here is good - but not worth waiting almost an hour for. Came here with a group of 5. After about 30 minutes we started feeling a little squirmy. Then we noticed the group next to us who had over 10 in their party and came almost 20 min after us were already getting their entrees. The couple next to us, who also arrived after us, paid and left. Meanwhile, while we're looking for our waitress, she's having a drink with another table, so that's cool. We're just chilling here starving our asses off. She was apologetic about our food being so late, but it was more of a "sorry you had to wait 5 min for your food". Not a "sorry you were here almost an hour and a half before we served you" kind of apology.  To try and placate us, the host offered to buy us a round of shots. But, most of the other tables around us were also getting free drinks. We asked to speak to a manager, and I'm pretty sure a waiter from another section came and pretended to be the manager. After getting some bullshit about how this place is new, tonight was busy, we were offered to have some items comped off of our bill, which didn't happen. After some more debate with the manager, we were offered 10% off our ticket, which we took because at this point we just wanted to leave the restaurant. They swiped our credit card and had it back to us in less than 5 minutes though.  All in all, an extremely dissatisfying experience. You couldn't pay me to come back here.	0
Bad service. Bad food. I had one bite of the pizza and almost choked on the rock hard "pancetta." Waitress was nice, too bad we only saw her once the entire night when she took our orders. I sincerely hope the tip we left went to the bus boy who waited on us while she chatted with people at the bar. Old movies projected in the wall is a nice touch. Most expensive movie I've ever been to.	0
Disappointing :(  We were seated beside the back door in the patio area on the coldest night of the year. It was freezing!!! I had booked a couple of days in advance for a weekday night so was disappointed to have been given the worst seat in the house. Our server was reluctant to let us move despite the fact there were other free tables and acted like we were being overly fussy. The food took forever to come out, we had only ordered one course as we were going to a show later that evening. It took so long we had to ask for the check just as they served us as to not be late.  I have to say the food itself was very good but sadly overall experience would prevent me from a return trip.	0
Visited on a Thursday night after work. It was very loud. The crowd was young and didn't seem like the pre-theater crowd that you would expect in the area. We sat in the atrium where the acoustics were so bad, the waitress couldn't even hear our order. (She also didn't seem interested in working that night.) I ordered a burger without the bun, cooked medium, and it came to the table barely singed. It was raw inside, so I sent it back. The others said their food was just so-so, the sea bass, steak and tomato and pulled pork. We had a bottle of wine, so I can't comment on the fancy drink menu.  I might visit at another time of day. I do want to support establishments in the neighborhood that I live.	0
Two stars for a very nice waiter. Other than that subpar overall.  Signature cocktails were not good--thyme added to a gin and tonic made it taste vaguely of pizza, rosemary in another drink made it taste like herb crusted chicken. I get it, Italian herbs in the drinks is your "thing". Well, find a new thing. Meal: Meat was overcooked, the side of fries were exclusively those over-fried bits you usually find in the bottom of a bag. And food took about 45 mins to come leaving us 10 mins to eat before we had to run to our show, which is a bummer considering most folk here are probably eating under the same circumstances.  Nice waiter though, as I said! And that does help.	0
It really pains me to write this. I have been to Bea numerous times. I live close by and the cocktails are great and the food is consistent. On two separate occasions they have not honored my reservations. The first time, we had not been seated 30 minutes after our reservation time and we left. Last night, we waited at the bar for 50 minutes until we finally left. We spent $200 at the bar and when I told them what bad form it was to make customers wait so long past a reservation, I got shrugged shoulders and I'm sorry. I'm never going back.	0
Horrible!!! We ordered 2 appetizers and 3 entrees.  One entrée was brought out first and we couldn't get anyone's attention so we began eating it.  When the waitress noticed she said she didn't know how that happened and offered to take it back. What was the point, we were already eating it.  Then one appetizer was brought to the table and then another entrée. We asked the busboy to take back the entrée that we were waiting for the second appetizer and he blamed the waitress and walked away.  Got the waitress who again said she didn't know how that had happened and proceeded to take back the entrée and the appetizer.  We explained we just wanted the other appetizer so she should only take away the entrée. Then the busboy came with the second entrée.  We hadn't touched the first appetizer and had not gotten the second one.  We spoke to the maitre'd and told him we were very unhappy with the service and we just wanted to pay for the one entrée we ate and leave. He said someone would come speak to us.  We waited until finally the manager walked over and asked us if we were being helped.  I told him we were not having the conversation again for the fourth time, service was deplorable and we were leaving. All he could say was "okay." There was never any apology, never any attempt to correct the situation.	0
That's a generous two stars, in that I didn't get to eat here. Walked in as a "one" at 7:30 on a Friday. At least a dozen empty two-tops, and no one waiting to be seated... but I was told my only option was to sit at the bar - a nexus of noise in an already loud environment. Thankfully I walked away, and a block north found a great bistro (where I spent $95 by myself - revenue lost to Bea due to their (dis)service!).	0
It's hard to put into words how disappointing this dining experience was. After reading the reviews, I was ready for an awesome feast. Reservations for 10 friends, check.  And... Seating for...8...barely, and had to huddle around mini side tables. Little attentiveness. Many of us made the apparent mistake of ordering an app AND an entree...I guess timing plays no role in the kitchen...as we were served everything at once (and refused requests to stagger the courses). Then waiter apparently only offered dessert options to 2 people out of our entire group. It's been a couple days, and I still can't express how awful and disappointing Bea was.	0
I'm glad I waited to write my review. I started going here periodically when they first opened and really liked it.  However, I have continued frequent Bea and I swear every time I eat here the portions get smaller and the prices stay the same. The meatballs are literally 40% the size they used to be. The pulled pork toast has gotten even smaller than that! It is bite sized now. I jokingly told my husband after we received our shrunken appetizer that instead of an english muffin, his burger would probably come out on a pizza bite bagel....I was slightly shocked it didn't. Changing these apps sizes has also changed the taste and they're just not as good. They went from using toast to crappy crackers and flimsy pieces of pita. It's just not worth it anymore. I would much rather they had raised the prices. I'm also very confused by the aesthetic they're going for. I love all the wood and the style for the most part, but where the draft beers used to be on a chalkboard they are now on a tv screen. It's so out of place. And why am I listening to Enya??? Why?!?! I might go here occasionally now, but it'll be for a cocktail, not food.	0
For new years day there was nothing open so we ended up at bea.  It turns out that food is not bad and the srvice is good.  I wouldn't make a trip to come back but it's decent	0
Yelp er overrate this average overpriced joint where 8 tables sat empty while we were ushered to the bar. Small plates felt like warmed over (pork dumplings) or pulled straight from fridge (beet salad) and these even were bartenders recs. when will the theatre district get a truly excellent restaurant?  This is not it.	0
Although this place had the potential with its cozy feel and ambiance, the only reason I enjoyed the food was because I was starving by the time it was served to me. 35 minutes for my friend and I to get food we literally ordered the moment we say down. At any restaurant where I am from, FL, that is so unacceptable the manager or owner would either comp or discount our bill, but of course not in NYC. $40 for one appetizer and one entree after waiting that long? Not worth it.	0
Bad service.  My friend arrived about 20 minutes before I did and sat at the bar.  It was a crappy Wednesday and it was pretty dead inside.  She said it took about 10 minutes for a bartender to approach her to take her order.  I arrived and I had the same exact experience.  Am I invisible?!  The staff seemed like they were just hanging around doing their own thing and all these damn patrons are interfering with their other bartender tasks.  I ordered a cider and she ordered a glass of wine, so can't comment on the mixed drinks.	0
Took over 2 hours for entrees to come out.  I've never been so frustrated with service at a restaurant. 830 res for 6, table  ready at 845.  it's NYC on a Friday,  not surprised or annoyed. We order pretty quickly, and our drinks come out. 4 of 5 Apps come out around 9, another at 915.  Fine. 1015, no entrees.  We ask after them with the waiter when ordering more drinks.  1045, still nothing,we ask again, to a different waitress.  10 minutes later, someone comes over and tells us the order was never put in at all, kind of half apologizing, but comped the entrees (we would have left otherwise, of course).  Food not out till 1115.  Lamb chops good, not great, same with the steak.  Certainly not worth the wait Avoid.	0
Was looking for a spot to relax and regroup.  The place has nice decor. (williamsburg hipster)  Sat at the bar.  Asked the bartender what drink he just finished making and he handed a menu and said look for ourselves.  Yep that happened.  The place uses the old fashioned martini coupe glasses.  We ordered two of the trendy mixology drinks. Mine had lavendar.  It was like I was drinking a bowl of lavendar.  The other "trendy" drink wasnt worth it either.   Seems to be trying to hard.	0
Came here for dinner. Had the stuffed tomato, it was mediocre. The flavor wasn't dynamic at all. Ordered the midnight flyer cocktail, I couldn't even drink it. I never send drinks back but this one went right back where it came from. Ordered the Brooklyn cue..much better. Slow service. Actually, no service. I get that it is Monday night but how unimpressive. My water glass sat empty for my entire meal and my server was awol until presenting me with my bill. There are thousands of amazing restaurants in this city. This unfortunately isn't one of them.	0
I'd give this place 4.5 stars for just the food but the EXTREMELY HIGH noise level and service (PARTICULARLY the BAD SERVICE) spoiled the experience for me. I got the fish entree. It was beautifully cooked and the sauce was delicious. Simple, elegant food. Now the sad part... When I entered, I had to wait almost ten minutes before a tall gentleman in  sunglasses and a fedora sauntered in as if there were not a care in the world and told me I could sit anywhere I want. I did. I waited for at least 15 minutes before somebody showed up with water. Then another ten before someone else came to take my order. In all this time, I saw at least three waiters pass me by and look straight at me as if to acknowledge my presence before going their separate ways. The wait for the food was another 30 minutes with no notice at all about how long it would take. I don't think I will be returning.	0
I really love this place, the food, the ambience, but I felt compelled to come back to update my reviews from 4 stars to 1 star because of their lousy and awful service. I had a great experience the fist time I went there with our waiter, but the waitress we had this past Sunday was very rude. She took forever to just take our orders, and we literally waited for more than 30 minutes for our food to come out which I'm not trying to blame her. Then when we asked her to split our bills, she said she doesn't know how. When I asked her if she had never split a bill before, she straight up ignored me and walked away... Really? Being a waitress at the center of Manhattan you can't split the bill in 4 ways? Thanks to Venmo, we paid with one credit card, but then she didn't show up for at least 20 minutes to pick up our check and the card, and I had to walk up to her and brought her the check. And of course again, she took forever to come back with it. She had an appalling attitude during the whole process. Even my boyfriend who never says anything bad about people told me I should update my reviews for them on Yelp, so people don't have to experience what we did. Service is essential for a restaurant, no matter how good of food, location, ambience you have, if you provide poor service, you are not gona have good businesses.	0
I don't understand all the good reviews for this place. I went with a few friends, and all of our cocktails tasted like medicine. None of us were able to drink more than a few sips - they were that bad.	0
Food was really good but terrible service. My mom and I had a reservation for 7:45 on a Saturday night and even though the restaurant wasn't crowded at all when we sat down, we still never figured out who our server was supposed to be. We had to flag someone down to get refills, never were offered a dessert menu, had to get the hostess to give us our check, etc. Very cool place though - lot of potential if they put some effort into service.	0
was very excited to visit Bea with some friends visiting from out of town. to be sure it is a hip place, i.e., good vibe, nice ambiance, pleasant staff. however while the oysters and mac and cheese were excellent, the green pasta was undercooked, the lamb poorly cooked and the service HORRIBLE...we sat for 45 min after our order taken while others who came in later were served and on to next course....the staff kept making light of the fact the cook was mad at them and yet still no food arrived. if the service was better i could add a third star but......	0
I came here on a Friday night with my boyfriend to what we thought might become our new neighborhood spot. We had high expectations due to the reviews we had read on here before we went, which only confused me more after we had eaten there.  We walked in, and it took the host almost 5 minutes to turn around towards the entrance way to notice us standing at the door due to the fact that they were flirting with a patron. We would have gotten their attention ourselves but were unsure as to whether or not they even were the host. We brushed it off anyway because the decor (the only reason this place is getting 1 star, besides the fact that you can't give it 0 stars) was great and gave us a good vibe. We were seated, asked what we wanted to drink, at which point our waitress disappeared for the rest of our meal. She did return once later one to deliver an incorrect drink, but other than that she did not serve us. Our food order was taken by another hostess, who we also did not see for the rest of the night.  The food came next, delivered by a bus boy who was basically our waiter for the rest of the night. We ordered 5 apps; lamb meatballs, mac and cheese, homemade ricotta, dumplings, and shrimp and avocado toast. Each and every dish tasted like it had come out of a freezer or can, NOTHING tasted fresh or even remotely homemade. Then we ordered the lamb chops to share for our entree which were undercooked and under seasoned.  FOOD: 0 stars SERVICE: 0 stars DECOR: 3 stars	0
This is why I cringe every time someone suggest eating in Manhattan.This is the kind of place that trust fund transplants flock to when they are trying to be one of the cool kids. The food is okay, nothing spectacular, but decent. My issue is that the portions are tiny, your entrée will look like an appetizer. They have a shepherds pie. I can think of 15 different restaurants that have a better shepherds pie, that is 3 times the size  for 2/3s the price. They keep the lights dim for ambience, but in reality, they don't want you to get a good look at the food. People rave about places like this because it's trendy and they feel like if they like this place, it makes them a cool kid. If you judge this place Objective, it's not really anything special. If they are going to charge around 20$ a dish, it should be more than two bites.  Don't take anything I'm saying the wrong way, the food is good. But it's not good enough to justify the tiny portion.	0
My dining experience at Bea tonight was absolutely dreadful. The service here was by and large the worst I have ever encountered in a restaurant and in spite of the all the great reviews, the staff, in particular our waitress, should remember that the customer is always right. Without a doubt there are times that this is not the case, but in tonight, it most definitely was, and she needed to have some integrity and take the fall for her mistake. The only logical reason why we could have been seated at 7:50, placed our orders at 8:10 and been served one hour later at 9:10 is if our waitress failed to give our orders to the kitchen in a timely fashion. The computer apparently showed that our orders hadn't been put in until 8:30, which leaves an unaccounted for 20 minutes between when we gave our orders to our waitress and the kitchen receiving it. This gap went unexplained by the restaurant manager, our waitress and the "event coordinator." There were three surrounding tables that had no guests before us, all of whom received their main courses before us, and one of which left before we even got ours. That is simply unacceptable, and particularly so without some sort of explanation from the restaurant staff. Neither a round of the shots on the house that tables with good service also received nor a measly 10% compensation on the check made up for the horrific service that my table received this evening. We will not be returning, and our waitress should get a grip on what's more important: happy customers who want to come back to Bea, or saving face on a sloppy, but human mistake.	0
This place has the worst service I have ever had in NYC, and I've lived here since 1996.  I went back a second time thinking it was just an off-night.  BIG MISTAKE.  Both times the wait was endless.  Finding a server nearly impossible.  And the food??--mine literally came out 40 min AFTER my date had FINISHED theirs.  CLOSE THIS PLACE NOW!	0
I have been a loyal patron to Bea for the last few months. In the beginning, I was genuinely impressed by their hospitality. I had a great few nights in the bar when they first opened where they took VERY good care of me and my friends, serving us prosecco, providing live musicians on the weekends, and letting us stay until the early hours of morning. I always felt we took the best financial care of them we could given our circumstances. I have maintained a great relationship with the staff there- as best as I thought I could as another bartender in the industry. Recently, I went into the bar to get drink, tried to get the bartenders attention and then sat down when it seemed hopeless. I stood up to try again right before they did last call. I stood at the bar for a good 7-10 minutes and when I finally got the bartender's attention to get a drink, the bartender said, "oh, we JUST did last call." I knew this was not case because: A- I was standing there for a good 7 (patient) minutes  and B- the other bartender was simultaneously making a drink. I am also a bartender and I am more than happy to be respectful on last calls which is why I sat down and enjoyed my friends company for another 20 mins. Upon leaving, I looked at the bar and noticed one of the bartenders was still making drink at apparently 27 minutes after their liquor license ended. At this point I flipped- I went to the bartender and asked, "what are you making? Looks like a drink?" The bartender said, "this is a flavored soda" Then the manager came over and tried to cover for him, saying "No one has had a drink since 1 am. I will even watch the surveillance tapes." I basically said: "I don't need a drink that badly, I am happy to go somewhere else, but it is disrespectful to say that I can't have a drink while you make a manhattan over and over for your friends right in front of me." The manager then said he had to crack down on drinking after hours- Here is my response- THEN CRACK DOWN- Don't make it so that SOME people in the bar get drinks and others don't. Especially those who have been in over and over, since day one!!!- Hire professional bartenders! And a Hire a manager that understands the loyal locals--one that has a backbone.	0
Made reservations - service was horrible.  Food was ok.  I got up TWICE to try to get our table WATER.  Not good.	0
I went here because of the reviews on Yelp. I went alone on a Tuesday night, fairly early (6:30) The place was not crowded at all so I was seated immediately. Had about a 15 minute wait before a waiter (who looked young enough to be a sophomore in high school) took my drink order and since I had plenty of time to read the menu, I ordered my entree (Steak and Tomatoes). My over priced glass of wine came in a reasonable time. The food took a little longer than usual. The steak was good but I seriously doubt that it was filet mignon. (They slice it up into unrecognizable chunks) I did really like the spicy onion sauce that came with it. The side of French fries were just ok, nothing special. This is where it went down hill. The place started filling up with people and I saw my young waiter start to run back and forth from tables to the kitchen, not once looking my way. I was halfway through my meal and needed another glass of wine and still no one even came close to my table. (Not even to refill my water glass) After 20 minutes of looking for my waiter who had disappeared, I finally had to flag the hostess down and ask her to send my waiter around. Well, I got a waiter, but it was a new guy that I had seen waiting on other tables from across the room.   He was nice enough and apologized and promptly got me another drink. My steak was stone cold by now. I finished my meal, some person came and cleared my plate, didn't ask if I needed anything or try to fill my water glass. I waited another 20 minutes before my new waiter was nearby (waiting on another table) and I flagged him down for the check.  He got he check to me fairly quick and told me the second glass of wine was on the house. I paid the bill and left feeling that I should have just sat at the bar to eat because it's a lot easier to flag down a bartender. This place has a serious problem with the wait staff. I never did see the first waiter again.	0
The food here was really good, but the service was lacking. It was fairly empty, and yet it took a while for our food to come and getting the check took even longer. Overall not all that impressive.	0
What a disappointment. Had a reservation for 4 with out of town guests for Sunday brunch a few weeks ago. Upon arriving there were 2 groups in front of us without reservations and they were told to sit wherever they wanted. Of course they took the 2 remaining best tables for 4 and we were left with not much to choose from. Obviously they do not honor reservations.  From the time we sat down it took 30 minutes before we received the drinks we ordered which were some of the worst cocktails I've ever tasted. The bartender is trying to reinvent the wheel and the combination of ingredients is bizarre and some had to be returned as the others where tolerated what they were served.  During the 30 minute wait one would think they'd put some kind of a bread basket on the table or something. Isn't that what most places do during Sunday brunch? Although the staff seems nice enough the service was terrible to the point that we felt ignored the entire time we were there. The place was pretty empty and this is during weekend brunch so it wasn't as if they were busy but rather just not paying attention. The food was okay but served on very small plates which made for an uninspiring presentation. And believe it or not they actually ran out of Eggs Benedict! During weekend brunch before 1:30pm. Ridiculous!  And the back garden room which could be something special is simply thrown together with odds and ends and looked like a mess.  I live in this neighborhood and there are so many great places to choose from. I don't know who they are catering to but at the rate they're going they simply won't last. In fact, they don't deserve to. I left embarrassed that I had taken out of town guests there. What a disappointment.	0
Ate early at the bar. Granted - I ate at a bad time for most kitchens, it was a late lunch at about 4:45/5:00, but still, not the best experience. Crowd was corporate &amp; douchey. I got to witness who I think might have been the manager, bragging to one of the waitresses about how he poaches staff from uptown bars. Laying it on thick trying to impress her, turned both her and me off. Hey, whatever, it's midtown, what do you want. Got the coffee Manhattan - I love both coffee and Manhattans, and therefore was surprised at how disappointing the cocktail was. I think the coffee might have been leftover from the morning pot at the bodega down the street - it tasted like it. One of those things that looks good on paper, but would be tough as hell to implement well. The nail in the coffin was the french dip - the miso jus was notably tasty, but that's about the only thing that was. I will say this - the bartenders were very attractive. If I were in the area again, I would consider giving P&amp;Q a second chance, but they sure didn't impress with the first.	0
Parker and Quinn gave me the worst restaurant/bar experience of my entire life. My friends and I came in for a few beers and sat in an area that was near the front door.  One of the employees kept holding the front door open while he was talking to his friends that were standing outside.  We asked him nicely if he could close the door since it was 30 degrees and windy.  Instead of accommodating customers like a normal person, he immediately grabbed all of our drinks and ran off with them.  My friends and I only had a few a sips  of our beers.  When I asked to speak to a manager...the guy that took our drinks away claimed to be the manager.  He then ran away into the back room after I snapped a photo of him.   This was the most disrespectful and unprofessional act that I have ever seen in a place of business.   Whoever this guy is...and I'm posting a photo...should not be in the restaurant industry.   I was considering this place as option to hold a large business party.  Obviously, after my run in with this guy....word about the despicable and disgusting "manager" here will be spread all over midtown.	0
If you are looking for a dried out omelette  made with pasteurized eggs from a jug you have come to the right place for breakfast. Pitiful that an omelette costing $ 20 isn't made with fresh eggs. Skip this place.	0
Oh boy, the rare one star review! Came here for a Saturday breakfast before my wife had to get to work. It's a cool space with tile floors and leather seats as well as dark wood everywhere.  The service was poor at best, we saw our server once and he was very sullen the entire time, never a smile or a greeting. Had to essentially flag someone else (manager?) down to order and had to actually go to the server station to get a check. My food ($14 bacon and eggs) came out cold and had to be sent back. My wife's "malted waffle" came straight off a hotel style waffle iron with a pad of butter on top ($13 for a waffle, no sides). Would not return again. If they can't manage a reasonably straight forward breakfast service then I can't imagine what their dinner service is like.	0
Visiting NYC &amp; thought this would be a good place to grab a bite. Yelp says they're open till 4 am. It's 12:35am and they're already closed. I'm definitely not happy I just made 2 girls walk more than 7 blocks to find out they are not open like they claim.	0
Not impressed Called-in at 5:30 pm to book a reservation for 7 people because their online system maxes out at 4. The person taking the call said she would need to cal me back as she would need to speak with the manager.   At 7:30 pm I still did not receive a call.  So I called in again.  She immediately recognized who I was and put me on hold..saying her manager was in meeting and will go speak with her.  She came back 5 minutes later saying they are all booked up.   A big waste of time!	0
This restaurant is just OK. Overpriced food and portions are "cute". The $25 scallops are served on a tapas or appetizer- size plate (very small) and taste like they were cooked with no love. The lamb meatballs were just OK also. The noise level is loud but it didn't bother us at all.  We ordered the San Juan Sidecar and it was OK also. Nothing stood out at this restaurant/bar. It's probably a good place to meet up for happy hour that's close to the job, but don't plan on eating dinner here.  The waiter was nice and the food was served quickly. Waitstaff are very attentive.	0
Cool drink and food menu.  The service was good.  Music was cool.  Food was good.  Nice room, but the temperature was so hot we left as soon as we finished eating.  No dessert or extra drink.  It was unbearable.	0
Snuck in before a huge rush crowd on a Thursday with no reservation.  Pleasant dark ambiance, but predictably bougesque. Ordered cocktails, CC ordered one they had on the menu but didn't offer anymore.  Sorry, but if you make $15 craft cocktails, print new menus when updates are needed... Refer to your closest HP printer.  Mine tasted like a nasty salad blends up and sloped in a glass.  My cocktail stuck in my teeth and tasted just as awkward.  CC's Mac and cheese was fine, my three bay scallops were cooked well, but the portion was rather weak for $25, and the grits they were served on were cold and gloppy. It's a terrible part of town to eat in... Please... Somebody... Open a decent place here for pre/post dinner drinks and bites.	0
At first I was guns ready to write a raving review of how much I enjoyed this place. Good thing I waited until the end of the meal.  The host quoted the wait at a half of an hour. So we kept ourselves occupied at the bar. The bartenders were very friendly and quick. And then we ended up getting seated sooner than expected which was great.  I ordered the lobster roll which was very good, I just wish they used a less absorbent bread because it got soggy very quick.  With lobster roll I chose to have the arugula salad and topped with red onions, dressed perfectly! After enjoying the meal and finishing our drinks we were ready for dessert. Servers passing by would look at us and see the empty plates and just ignore it. Now I too am a server and I know the work load so I always try to be patient and understanding. But then the customer sitting alone was getting the five star service, even to be created by the chef? Or owner maybe? I'm not sure. But the server stood directly behind the chef and just listened and joined in on the conversation. At that point my friend was getting impatient and irritated. So I tried to stack the plates for them to see that we were COMPLETELY finished. Then the servers were hanging out by the POS.  And in my head I'm thinking, wow.. you probably are on a wait list and people are ready to move on to make the dining time faster yet you are lounging there talking?  Yet the bus boy is still quick on his feet to clear our table and even wipe it for us. Seems there might need to be a change in positioning to me.  Then finally I see a gentleman in a blue shirt and he seems to be scanning the tables and instantly see me looking around and asks us if we are doing okay. He was quick to grab us the dessert menu. Then the server wants to show up to take the order. And again he leaves and we end up having to hand our card to another server to go over and hand to him.  I honestly think this place is great but service is a big part of a dining experience. Our server just happened to ruin it for us.  But thank you to the rest of the staff that made sure we were taken care of and the chefs who made a great meal.	0
An absolutely terrible experience at Parker &amp; Quinn about a month ago that moved me to write my very first Yelp review.  We were initially pleased with menu and ambience, but quickly disappointed by the awful service. After 15 minutes of being seated at our table, no one came to greet or serve us. We decided to move over to the bar in hopes of quicker/better service. The bartender made us feel EXTREMELY uncomfortable immediately. Making sarcastic and awkward remarks throughout our time there. Not exactly rude yet, but very off putting. After paying we were finishing up our drink and chatting for around 10/15 minutes at the nearly empty bar. He came by and made an amazingly rude remark more or less suggesting we should leave.....I would understand if there were people waiting, but there were open seats all over the bar..... I was outraged and will never recommend this place to anyone. I have never been treated so rudely by restaurant staff and a shame that a place with so much potential has been permanently blacklisted for me. I have served in the restaurant industry in the past, so understand that miscommunication can happen.......but I would be appalled to know that someone with such lack of customer service was representing my business. His attitude throughout the experience was 100% uninviting and unacceptable!	0
Average food, except for the dessert. If you ever tried a real tiramisu, stay away from it here. Just terrible.  People at a closeby table had a quarrel with the management because of expenses erroneously charged.  Will avoid it next time.	0
Sadly we did not think this restaurant was as good as other Yelpers. It felt like we were in a glorified diner and that's not what we expected. We had 4 different drinks and they were fine but nothing special. My husband and I both really enjoyed the arugula salad. His roast chicken with side of broccoli rabe were bland. My crab cake was not good. Oddly it tasted like a turkey burger.	0
If you like your dark and stormys 1 part rum 2 parts ginger beer 9 parts ice and 100 parts surlyness please come to Parker and Quinn. Seriously one time the bartender ignored me for about 45 minutes when the place wasn't crowded, another time he personally comes over to our table of 12 and berated my boss for suggesting the Dark and Stormies were too light on alcohol. Its too bad that the bar lacks class, because the food is quite good.  I am a huge fan of the orrechiette with sausage.  Maybe tone down the sarcasm and stop berating the guests and I'll bring more business here.	0
FiDi crowd in a Garment district locale. Set my drink on a hightop table near the bar, when the hostess immediately scurried over with a "reserved" placard and shooed me away. Never got the change for my second drink, guess the bartender highly values his skill set. Yes, the pickings are slim in this neighborhood, but go somewhere else.	0
The good , the bad, and the Really ! The good... The wait staff We had two dinners here and both times the wait staff and food runners where great, our waiter on 9/9, Joe, in particular, extra good. Attention to detail, good attitude and they got the orders right. The food was good also. Lobster Roll, Hamburger, Cuban sandwich, scallop salad and desserts. All tasty and well presented. The DJ on Saturday night was very good. The bad. ... the hostess. We ate there two evenings 9/7 and 9/9 and both nights requested one of the upper booths. both nights the hostess said they were reserved and we could not be seated there even though I requested them on Open Table.  And you guessed it, both nights the booths were not seated the entire time we where there. Empty....... The Really.! ..... the hostess....again As we were leaving on Monday 9/9 she asked if everything was ok... even though she walked pass us a dozen times crammed in at a little two top while a large booth behind us was empty the entire time.... Really...  . When I am back in town in a month, if the same hostess is there, I will turn around and walk out !	0
Probably the loudest bar/restaurant we have ever been to and we sat in the back, as far away from the bar as possible. The appetizer's are extremely pricey. We didn't notice the price (our mistake) when we ordered the hummus, ricotta and eggplant appetizer. It came in a nice three tiered serving platter but the serving was actually very small and none of it tasted very good. The cost was $29, which is just insane. We also had the flat bread pizza app, which was about the size of a pita and while it tasted OK it was not worth the $15 we paid. Service was fine.	0
Food: 1 star.  The waiter's recommendation for pasta with lamb ragout was gross.  First time around, the pasta had spent too much time under the warmer: it was actually crunchy on top, all the noodles were stuck together in one big, unmoveable mass, and the sauce in the bottom of the bowl had filmed over!  Couple next to us commented that it looked gross.  Sent it back.  Next time around, had the opposite problem.  Sauce was excessively creamy, pasta was overdone and completely limp.   Atmosphere: 3 stars (for this neighborhood).  There are actually non-tourists hanging out here.  Strange.  Service was sub-par.  Had to ask multiple times for more water.  Waiter unapologetic about the nasty pasty re-do.   Won't be back...	0
I made a reservation for dinner with my sister. She gets to the restaurant at 6pm and is told by the hostess that we have our table until 8:15pm, but does not say why. I get to the restaurant and we order, she has the steak, and I order the catfish. Food was satisfactory, and we ordered two bottles of wine. We pay our bill, and are still sitting enjoying the rest of the second bottle of wine. Around 8:24pm a man comes over to the table, does not say who he is, but says he would like to move us to another table because they have a large party coming in. We declined and he just keeps emphasizing how there is this large party coming in. We enjoy the rest of our wine and my sister goes outside, but I ask to speak to the manager, which a different man than the one who came over to our table. The manager tells me that they had thought the "time limit" they had given us was enough, since usually for a two-top table 1.5 hours is the average time that people are there. He then tells me that if we would have accepted the move to another table we would have received a free round of drinks. It would have been appropriate to ask if the "time limit" would have been alright with us, or seat us elsewhere. The food was adequate, but nothing special. Service was average, nothing special. The treatment from the "faux" manager and manager was enough that we will not be recommending this restaurant to anyone.  Needless to say, we will NEVER go back to Parker &amp; Quinn.	0
Went after theater.  We were seated in the back, next to the open kitchen. There was blaring techno-music which is fine for a bar, but this place seems to be trying really hard to be both a hipster bar &amp; a restaurant. I ordered the bacon/tomato soup.  Asked for the drizzle of bacon grease to be left off of the top.  Hub ordered a burger.  At 11 PM, restaurant had only a few tables of people, yet it took about 20 minutes to get our food.  Food was OK.   Our waiter was good about refilling our water glasses. Weird smell of burning plastic in the air. With all the dining choices in NYC, you choose better than this.	0
I met an old friend here and we got a couple of drinks at the bar and I ordered an entree.    I wanted to order Arctic char which came with Brussel sprouts and potatoes.  I didn't want potatoes and they were out of Brussel sprouts.  The bartender would not let me substitute anything for the missing item or the potatoes.  This place does no substitutions AT ALL even if they're out of an item.  What?!  You lost me right there. I ended up ordering a different dish which was just ok.  Our bartender was cold and did not communicate with us after she said no to everything.  I write a newsletter for a large hotel chain in the area that includes undiscovered places to go in the city.  I would never feel comfortable recommending this place to anyone.  There are too many wonderful places to go in this city to waste your time and money here.	0
Came here the other night for dinner with a few girlfriends after reading about P&amp;Q on a number of sites. The inside looked pretty cool and there was a very lively bar scene. We started with the eggplant dip, essentially babaganoush, and it was tasty. It came with pita, some thin crisps and cucumber.  Things were going well until it was time for our entrees to arrive. The bus boy came over with 3 out of 4 dishes. It took about 20 minutes to get the attention of our waiter to tell him we were missing one dish (fairly simple...grilled cheese sandwich which I can make in 5 minutes flat). During that span of time, we asked another bus boy to check on it or find our waiter and he did neither. Ultimately we got a hold of the manager and explained the situation. He apologized profusely and brought over the waiter. Finally they put in the order and brought over a bowl of gazpacho in the meantme. Another 20 minutes and the grilled cheese arrived.  The grilled cheese was mediocre and the side salad that accompanied it was very salty. My friends ordered the mac n cheese (which looked really good, I had wanted the broccoli n mac but they were out of it at 615pm hmmm), lobster roll (looked good but small portion) and scallops (very small portion, looked like an app). The waiter was apologetic but blamed the computer system and got defensive and snippy when we said that we understood the technical error but were disappointed that he was nowhere to be found for such a long span of time. Thankfully the manager made ammends and cut our bill by 50% to compensate us for the issues. They are clearly still working out the kinks at Parker &amp; Quinn. Besides a problematic computer system, I hope their waitstaff learns to be more attentive and gracious to diners. However, I am not racing to return.	0
We live across the street from the Refinery and work in the neighborhood so we were excited to welcome a new neighbor.  Have not yet dined at Parker &amp; Quinn but have stopped there and the rooftop for drinks.  Reviews say the food is quite good and that is reassuring.  Understanding that these are concessions to (not owned by) the hotel, I am sure the rent and revenue sharing is considerable.  However, management is making a big mistake by enforcing a short pour policy.  Had drinks there tonight and my guest and I were served not much more than an ounce of liquor on the rocks.  Prices are the same or higher than long time established bars in the area and no amount of ambiance can make up the difference.  Nice service, good concept, not smart priorities.	0
I was just at Parker &amp; Quinn for lunch with my supervisors and co-workers. I was so excited to eat there for the first time as I had looked up the menu online and had heard good reviews. I ordered the scallops with bacon grits and veal jus. Our party of 8 ordered a variety of things: pork chop, burgers, steak and salad, bbq chicken, etc. When everyone's dishes came out, one by one I saw that all the burger and meat plates were very full of food and great side salads which made me even more excited for mine. Then a small plate was put down in front of me with three very small scallops and about a tablespoon of grits. I was shocked. What's worse is that the scallops were overcooked and rubbery. I polished them off in less than 3 minutes and was still very hungry. Immediately, everyone around the table started offering me some of their food which was embarrassing. I hesitantly accepted a few bites of my supervisor's lamb burger which was delicious, and some of her arugula salad. But still, I was starving. So while everyone else was enjoying their hearty meals, I had to order a small plate of meatballs just so I could feel like I had ate an actual full meal. I want to point out to P&amp;Q that what they offer as scallops is not a meal, it's an appetizer. And charging customers $25 for a small sampling of that size is a huge rip-off (they weren't even cooked right!). I now wish I had ordered something else and enjoyed the food as much as everyone else did, because they all couldn't stop talking about it.	0
I was excited to try out Parker &amp; Quinn after reading some of the other reviews on here.  Sad to say that I was extremely disappointed.  The menu looked excellent, the food was mediocre at best, but the service was horrendous.  First of all, the busboy tried clearing our appetizer from the table about 5 times while we were still eating.  He was literally stalking our table to try and take our dishes.  Dude, chill out- or hey! a better idea, fill our empty water glasses.  From here, it just got worse.  The food came out.  I ordered the lobster roll with a side salad.  The lobster roll was decent, but about half the normal size, not worth  the $17.  The salad was completely inedible and tasted like they dumped salt all over it.  They completely forgot my friends order, and despite waving down the busboy it took our server about 20 minutes to come over- at which point everyone's food was cold.  The waiter was less than apologetic, and actually got snippy with my friend.  As someone who waited tables for 5 years, I completely understand that mistakes happen- but don't, I repeat, don't be rude when your table is justifiably upset.  The saving grace was that management knew how to make things right and discounted our bill.  Hopefully they are still working the kinks out here, but I don't think I'll be going back with so many other great restaurants in the city to choose from.	0
I arrived at 1PM with three of the 6 people of my 1PM RSVP on 3/28/15. There was standing room only and I advised the Hostess that the other three people were in route and will be there shortly. She then commenced to AGGRESSIVELY alert me that I would lose my RSVP EXACTLY at 1:15PM if the remainder of my party hadn't arrived. I said fine and that I had no problem with regular seating if I should lose my RSVP. At 1:10PM, and after bypassing five other people who were waiting on line with RSVP's (of this I'm sure because I asked them), she returned, FRUSTRATED, WAVING HER HANDS at me, and asked, "OK WHAT ARE WE DOING".  To make this long complaint short, she returned again at 1:20 just as frustrated with the fact that I was still standing there and the other 3 people still hadn't showed up. At this point, my girlfriends and I decided to leave and spend our money else where which winded up being another restaurant on 119th in Harlem.  Not for nothing, but I'm co-founder of a book club that consists of 8 members and every month we meet up at different restaurants to discuss our book. This month was my month to pick the book and corresponding venue. And, since I've been a "Harlemite" for 40YRs, I picked BLVD Bistro.  Needless to say, I was embarrassed, disappointed and highly angered (although I didn't allow her to force me to feed into the "Angry Black Woman" stereotype) at her unprofessional, inconsiderate and overall tacky behavior. I will make sure NEVER TO SUGGEST TO ANYONE nor will I EVER AGAIN PATRONIZE this "eatery".  I'm so disheartened that in today's "foodie" market, here stands a business that is the epitome of  "got too comfortable with popularity" Best Practices!  I don't know if she was the owner, the regular hostess or a temp, but your hostess on Saturday, 3/28/15 at exactly 1:00 PM needs customer etiquette,  patience, and/or just common hospitality training.	0
I've heard so much about this place,so I dropped by about 2 weeks ago.I'm so sorry to say I was not impressed by it.the presentation of the food especially very very average.the ambience and the service did not at all meet my standards. I ordered a beer and it was warm.the only thing I really like were the biscuits warm and fresh.i ordered a rib tip taco all sauce hardly any meat and the tortilla they serve it on seems like they just opened up the package and served it.carlos the owner stopped by table and that was very nice.	0
Just called to order chicken and an order of 2 sides of grits, because of a shellfish allergy, and they wouldn't do it bc it was dinner and they only do grits sides during brunch even though they have shrimp and grits on the dinner menu, pretty ridiculous, service looks like it's hit or miss, but unfortunately not stepping foot in a joint that doesn't accommodate allergies!!	0
I just finished having blvd bistro for brunch and even though the food was great, we had to wait about an hour and a half to get our food after we ordered (not including the time it took to get seated which was about another 35min). We had the slowest waitress who stated she was busy helping other tables. There are only 3 tables outside which you have to share with other people and lots of bugs and bees that pester you while you eat.   The Mac and cheese was the best dish. We also had the breakfast biscuits and the peach macadamia nut pancakes which were also really good. They charge for water and there are no complimentary biscuits.	0
Did not get a chance to even eat at this place. Walked in Sunday morning for brunch and was told an expected wait time of 20-30 minutes. Waited for about 30 minutes when we noticed others being seated before us. When we asked why, the hostess finally told us they made reservations before us. We were never told that quite a few parties had reserved before us.  No apology was given, and the hostess seemed even annoyed that we asked about when we were going to be seated. We understand that reservations are prioritized before walk-ins, and that brunch is a very busy time for this restaurant, but at least give us the courtesy and tell us that the wait is actually going to be more than 30 minutes. The hostess also told us that it was gonna be another 10 minutes before she could tell us when we could be seated. Left right after that.  Wish we could've eaten here since the food reviews are so good, but it seems like the front customer service is not up to par.	0
My bf and myself have been to  Blvd Bistro a few times before for brunch- though never great it was good enough to return. For sure they must have new owners-- the menu is different , better before. We had brunch there today and it was awful! No one to greet us at the enterance, should of left then. Someone other than an employee told me to sit anywhere--- it took almost an hour to get food, my bf's order was wrong and mine was terrible. The menu said fruit on French toast, instead it was a slab of strawberry jam. I paid $16.00 for that rip off. Everything was terrible- waited waited and waited for everything. I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!  There are too many places opening up in Harlem that are getting it right that I don't have to waste my money on owners that really don't care. Awful!!!!! Also put the heat ON!!! It was so cold!  And get rid of the bee's in the summer outdoor area! It's ridiculous!	0
I would have gave this establishment no stars, but that wasn't an option. The food and service was mediocre in comparison to the price point.  On the day I dined at this establishment, it was Sunday brunch.  From the moment I was seated there were signs that this was not a great choice in dinning. There were two customers seated next to my table that had threaten to walk out because they waited over 45 minutes for their order.There was a shortage of bread that day. When asked why; the explanation was that they only order  flower from Tennessee?  I ordered the crab cake benedict, It had no flavor and was small portioned.   The overall experience there was nothing to want to come back too.	0
I'll probably give this place another try, but am so frustrated after our experience today that it will be tough. I called twice on Saturday night trying to find out about making a booking for Sunday brunch. Nobody answered either time. Fair enough... It's probably crazy busy. So I called Sunday morning and was told to call back in an hour when the woman who did the bookings was in. Ok... That's fine too. Called back about an hour later and was told, "We don't do bookings today, but you can try to walk in." Ok... Fine. I thought this was strange because I read all the reviews about getting a booking. Whatever. I just moved around the corner and I want to try it out. So we show up and ask for a table and the woman I spoke with seemed like she was trying to discourage me from putting my name down. She said the wait would be an hour or even an hour and a half and had a bit of an attitude. Fine. My friend was coming from Brooklyn and we live in the neighborhood. Again... No big deal. I understand how long this process can take. So we wait and wait and then my friend shows up and happens to walk into the restaurant looking for us. The same woman asks her if she has a booking or not. When I find out about this I'm not absolutely annoyed. Well, we tried 4 times to make a booking and since you don't do bookings on Sunday's then how can we have a booking?  We get tired of waiting and happen to walk by again on our way somewhere else to see its not very busy at all and we still have not been texted for our table. After about two hours we finally got that text.  I get it. You're busy. You're popular. That's what made me want to eat there. I'm a patient man who worked in the service industry for years. I am ok with a long wait. What I'm not ok with is the terrible communication and poor attitudes. Do you allow for bookings on Sunday or not? I'd recommend going for an online booking system to take this job out of the hands of the people who didn't do so great with it today.  Since I'm new to the area I'll probably give this place another go and I'll review again. Hopefully I'll have a better story to tell.	0
Perhaps we ordered the worst of the menu on the wrong day as the reviews seem to be stellar or horrible.  That said, this was our experience: 1. When I order a bottle of wine, open it at the goddamn table.  Doing otherwise is personally insulting.   2. If you advertise a salad as coming with candied pecans, make sure that it comes with candied pecans.  3.If you want to do brunch, refresh your potatoes; fried spuds that were made at eleven a.m. taste like shit at four p.m.  Dried out or mushy...they still taste like morning late in the afternoon. 4. If you want to have central Harlem prices, bring the quality...sadly, even IHOP beats you. 5. Actually have your staff deign to check on how their guests enjoyed their meal....no one ever did. 6. When you claim to have en 'Executive Chef' on your menu, have an individual who actually had the gall to wear a chef's coat with a name on it take the time to make sure that the omelette, potatoes, salad, and 'cheesy grits' that make it through the window don't actually taste like shit. 7. When you have customers that don't remotely finish their plate, train your servers to attempt to determine if anything may or may not have been wrong; if the sliverware is at roughly 5pm on the plate and the food is largely untouched, the server should be alarmed and have the sense to ask what was obviously wrong. Welcome to the neighbourhood....you've a bunch of competition..step up, or lose your business.	0
So far been here for #40mins. Its Sunday brunch, I didnt know they took reservations, I didn't know we had TONS of people in front of the two of us. I'm usually better about that sort of thing but, I was reading. The hostess here...I have to say once I walked I felt that she didnt know how to seat people...could be because of the reservations, idk but her communication just is non-existent. I just found out "as soon as they pay their check" we will be seated... Question: Who da hell takes reservations for BRUNCH! WHO!!!! they are looking a lot of money. Im sitting by the door watching over 15 people walk out the space is very small and the hostess clearly doesn't know how yo maximize the use of it.  The food...I guess is good people aren't leaving though outside turns over quickly because its chilly out but the inside 50+ mins now and one table (communal table two people) have left. if I get seated in 5 mins ill let you know about food and wait staff service...	0
The server got my order wrong twice and it was freezing in the entire restaurant. I hope you get new management.	0
For our weekly catch up brunch my "bestie" and I decided to check this place out...there seemed to be a pretty long wait for indoor seating, and only a few mins for the communal outdoor seating so we went with that...we were seated next to a pair of young ladies that were waiting for someone that seemed to be a no show, so we were given that seat, they didn't seem thrilled about it, but didn't make a fuss...I guess everyone understands most places won't seat incomplete parties...the server came over with water and menu's pretty quickly, but then disappeared for a few...my bestie and I contemplated leaving because the service seemed slow, however in an effort to give this place a shot we stayed...after a few the waiter returns and we both order the crab cakes, eggs benedict and some sort of sweet tea mixed drink, we were told by our server that there was no bread, because the flower they use comes from Tennessee and they ran out...trying not laugh hysterically, we both just looked at each other like "um-ok", there's a Fairway a few blocks away, and this is NYC, I mean come on, you can get anything at any hour of the day or night right?!...the food did come out pretty quickly, and while it looked pretty, the portions were way to small, especially for the price...without accompanying bread, this $20 brunch was now looking like an appetizer!!...overall it didn't taste bad, and it looked nice, just not substantial enough to qualify as a meal... As our plates were being cleaned, someone did come over ( a manager or partner I guess)  to ask us what we thought, and I won't even write about the spirited debate we got into or how he informed us that the kitchen was the size of the table, and how proud he is that fresh food is coming out of it...you know, like he hadn't seen it before signing the lease, or that he  was doing us a favor by providing us with fresh eggs and caned crab?!?!...That pretty much did it for us, we were on the fence the entire time, and even with the slow service and the portions being small, it could've been in consideration for drinks and small bites...but after that interaction we left with a bad feeling about the place...with so many new places popping up in Harlem there really is no room for bad experiences....	0
If only I could give this place a negative 3 stars. The worst and most over priced meal (if you can call it that) I've had in a long time. The menu we were presented and the meals that were brought out did not match. I ordered a blue cheese burger cooked medium, and it came out over done, and could barely find the blue cheese under a high powered microscope.  When I ordered more from our server whom was not at all attentive. She brought me a small ramekin with a tiny drop of blue cheese inside. My burger also came with Crisps which I could not locate on the plate. When I asked where they were I was instructed to look under the burger. There in was a solitary crisp, which was burnt and nasty tasting. Why even bother putting the "s" on the end of this so called Crisps is beyond me. My friend ordered the salmon, which was once again portioned only to be seen under a microscope. She received something in her food that was not stated on the menu, and would have strongly swayed her away from ordering that dish. I forget what it was considering my dislike of my own botched meal. We then decided to give up on the meal and just move on to desert. I don't even know why they gave us the desert menu?! They had nothing for desert in the kitchen. Couldn't even come up with something for the horrific meal they served us. Not even so much as an apology!!!	0
Cute little place. A bit noisy so be prepared to yell to be heard.  The food was good. I had the lamb chops which were moist. However they gave you 4 small ones and a spoonful of potatoes. For this they charged 24$ which was twice what it should have cost. Of course deluded Manhattanites think this is perfectly normal which is why these places thrive.  A better place for a drink then dinner.  For good and reasonably priced MId East food try Bodrum on 89th and Amsterdam or Kefti on Columbus.	0
Very disappointing experience!  The food is mediocre and over salted, the wine is overpriced, even for Manhattan, the music is too loud and terrible, the kitchen door bangs every few seconds (this can be easily remedied!), the waiter tried his best, but the entire experience was unpleasant. The great mystery: the place is packed!  Perhaps the guests are tourists who can only make the mistake once.  As we live only a few blocks away, I am sorry that this cannot be counted among our neighborhood favorites.	0
Came here for lunch and got the eggplant parmigiana. It was okay. It mostly consisted of panko instead of eggplant and it was too cheesy. My friend's salad and lasagna looked really good though. There is almost no seating in here and you have to wait a long time if you want to dine in. I didn't think there were that many menu options and it wasn't cheap.	0
i used to order here all the time but its not the place to eat if your trying to maintain your weight if you know what i mean. The food is fantastic The delivery service is terrible. I DON'T WANT TO ORDER LUNCH AND RECEIVE IT AT DINNER TIME.   If there is a potential delay with the delivery then let people know. i am only two blocks a way but i work alone in my office so i cant leave. It is unacceptable to treat customers like this. I will not order here again. I GIVE BIG TIPS AND GET CRAP SERVICE NO WAY IM DONE.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
I'm a big fan of the food here. I come in at least a couple of times a month and I've been coming here religiously for about a year, but today, something happened that didn't sit well with me. A friend and I came in for coffee. I ordered a mocha and my friend ordered a cappuccino. We watched as the clerks argue about how to make the mocha, clearly not knowing how to make what was on the menu. To make things easier, I volunteered to have a cappuccino too, so they made me a cappuccino.  After receiving the last drink, my friend tried to pay on his credit card for the $6 coffees. They said there was a $10 minimum. I offered to pay with debit and they continued to say $10 minimum. Neither of us had cash. As someone who comes in often, I've made purchases on a credit card for less than $10 before, so this whole situation was confusing to me. There is no sign anywhere that says there's a $10 card minimum and I wish they would have told us we'd have to pay cash for our coffees before we ordered. I'm a reasonable woman and to keep the peace I went next door to the ATM to take out cash, which I had to pay a $2 fee to do.  In general, I'm upset because I'm a loyal customer and I've encouraged my friends to support this local business. Not knowing how to make the items on the menu was already an awkward experience for us to watch, but the card thing was just the icing on the cake. It was embarrassing for me to take my friend who I had just told about this "great little place down the street" for a less than pleasing experience.  While I like the food, I'm tired of walking in this store to be told there's no bread for my panini, or getting a phone call an hour after I've made an order to be told the same thing. I like Ray, I enjoy talking to him when I come in, but I'm over the lackadaisical haphazard weekend staff.  I think I'm going to check out some of the other local restaurants and its a darn shame, because the panini's are good... when there's bread to make one.	0
We went to this place cause it had such great reviews but were highly disappointed. The guy behind the counter was very rude which is surprising for a family owned restaurant! The food was also below average. We ordered the pasta with with vodka sauce which was very average and the carnivale sandwich with pesto sauce which was also disappointing..it was very dry with hardly an pesto. We are definitely not coming back!	0
It wasn't open during its posted hours, so we left hungry. I wouldn't be leaving a review at all except the person inside saw us trying to open the door and laughed. The food might have been worth it, but now we'll never know!	0
Was in NYC with some friends for a vacation. Came here for some sandwiches before watching Once. We came right before closing and placed our orders. In total, we ordered 4 coffees, 2 sandwiches (the VIP and the #3), and the vegetable appetizer. It took pretty long to get the appetizer and a sandwich. We waited a little longer for the rest of our order, but it turns out that they forgot it!  When I asked the guy about it, he acted like I was an idiot and had no idea what I was talking about. I showed him the receipt and he begrudgingly began making my sandwich. When I asked about the coffee, he said they had run out so they made us cappuccinos instead (which was nice, but I really just wanted a drip coffee).  The sandwiches were decent, but my experience was really soured by the service. Typically, I can overlook bad service for exceptional food, but the food here was not outstanding enough to do that for me.	0
Meh. I thought this local Italian casual restaurant/deli had potential, but the sandwiches had an identity crisis I thought. The baguettes weren't toasted, but the meat and cheese was warm. Half the sandwich was loaded with meat, half was nearly vegetarian.  For the prices they are charging, I expected very high quality, but I thought this was merely equivalent to a Lenny's as far as its quality and relative quantity.	0
No. Doesn't come with bread, overcooked pasta. The only positive thing was the quick delivery.	0
Really? 4.5 stars??  No way.  The VIP I ordered came with lettuce, not arugula as advertised.  The mozzarella and prosciutto were fine, but not out of this world.  I found the whole sandwich to be sort of dry. I could make this same thing at home really easily, and I;d put a little olive oil on mine so it had some softness to it.  My latte was fine.  But there is not way this is 4.5 starts.  Maybe 3, but not when you sub out a major ingredient in the sandwich.  Come on people.	0
It ranked so high on Yelp but it's such a small restaurant. We came to NYC twice and came to this restaurant twice guided by Yelp. We end up so disappointed. It looks like for street food. It makes me even don't want to trust Yelp anymore. Sigh.	0
I wanted to order for delivery, and  they gave me such a hard time because they were too busy to deliver. If you don't want to deliver food then don't offer a delivery service.	0
I will not let all the great reviews sway my vote. The whole experience started off on the wrong foot when the waitress kept referring to me as Signora (an even more older version of m'am in Italian). Every time she did this I kept turning around to catch a glimse of Sophia Loren because I refused to believe she was talking to me. Next came the following awkward situation: since the place has Italian food you'd think they have enough pasta to feed all the American Signores on a detour form Eataly. I was mistaken. After a 30 min wait I was informed that the pasta had to be made from scratch because "we don't have it".  (The sandwiches are good)	0
OH My god, avoid! Worst pasta I ever had! I mean, I stopped expecting my pasta being al dente a long time ago. But completely overcooked? And the sauce... horrible. I know sime people like everything super sweet. But here it seems somebody dumped a whole pot of sugar..	0
I should have known better than to order the lasagna.  The reviews were just so positive (albeit about the meats, cheeses, and paninis) that I thought I'd score a home run with the pastas, too.   WRONG.   I love snobby Italian and I love lowbrow Italian.  I'll eat most of it.  Under duress, I'll even eat something like Stouffers, which is why my lasagna experience was so demoralizing.   When my lasagna arrived a few minutes ago via Seamless, I opened the container to find what can only be described as a sample of bubbling ooze from a Superfund site.  This Gowanus glob was covered in a sheen of orange oil.  The meat was a sad, mushy gray.  I thought fine, here we go, this is lowbrow Italian, I'm down.  I'm already at a Thanksgiving-tight-jeans-low, let's just do this. Except the Gowanus goo was not down to get did.  It was soupy!  It was bland!  There was no tomato flavor (what?)!  It was sort of like beef stroganoff!  I DIDN'T EVEN FINISH!   I'm posting a picture to back this up (and compare it to the November 5 pic someone posted of the shells.  Are you kidding me?  Did the chef die since that stuffed shells picture was taken?) In all fairness, the salad (arugula, parm, bresaola, and a tasty lemon vinaigrette) is pretty tasty, which is a good thing, because it's all I have left to eat on a lonely Sunday in the office.  Thanks, Sergimmo, for ruining my one pleasure.  I'm going to have to order something else later.   (Introduce violins, molto adagio)	0
I so want to like this place.  The food is good.  The second time I went there, some months ago, I got a terrific roast pork panini with broccoli rabe - out of this world!  But the service was just weird -- took repeated attempts to get them to take my money.   Today I passed by and saw they had a veal parmigiana panini special, so I went in, ordered a sandwich, and waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Various people's names who came in after me were called -- the name of each customer and sandwich loudly announced as it came from the kitchen.  I had noticed a sandwich sitting directly in front of the cashier, who ignored it, but I didn't ask.  Finally, 25 minutes after I ordered, the cashier looked down at the sandwich in front of her.  "Andrew?"  I resonded, incredulously, "That sandwich that's been sitting there for 15 minutes?!!!"  I was so annoyed, I just said "Goodbye!" and walked out.  I probably should have asked them to give me the sandwich at a discount (I might have taken it for $8 or $9, but not the $12 for a sandwich that was left like that) or perhaps to make a new one before just walking out -- but I was too frustrated to stand there even another minute.  This is two years after my first review -- by now, this place should have gotten their act together.	0
$14 for a sandwich? I saw how highly rated it was on yelp and decided to check it out. Got the number 1. It was OK. Service was average. If I am getting a sandwich for lunch for $14 it better either be bigger than 9 inches or blow my mind.	0
VIP panini was good and fresh. Solid ingredients and well put together.  Bit expensive, even for midtown.  Unfortunately, the guy there was extremely rude and withheld my food for 5 minutes thinking I hadn't paid (I obviously had, but the cashier had entered it incorrectly).  Not a good way to run a business.	0
We go here all the time as it is 2 blocks from my office. We placed a company order as soon as they opened. It was scheduled to deliver at 12:30. By 1:30 it arrived missing 4 salads. It took another hour to get the replacement salads. When I called back to ask where the replacement salads were after 45 minutes, the company representative said "I don't know what you want me to do. I cannot teleport it there". 2 blocks away yet for a full hour the food never came. Terrible customer service. I would never go here again.  Mistakes happen, but getting an attitude with your customer is never good business.	0
I ordered a sandwich and was given half the size of a normal one! When i asked the owner why I was charged $17 for it, her response was "Oh, well you should've said you wanted the bigger bread then..??!!!! What a poor business sense of a woman, and she had the biggest attitude!! The whole time i was sitting there, i listened to her treat her employees like they were servants.   I would not go again regardless of how good the sandwiches are...definitely NOT worth the price!!! My company would take our clients here a lot, but after this, we definitely will not going forward!	0
I will not let all the great reviews sway my vote. The whole experience started off on the wrong foot when the waitress kept referring to me as Signora (an even more older version of m'am in Italian). Every time she did this I kept turning around to catch a glimse of Sophia Loren because I refused to believe she was talking to me. Next came the following awkward situation: since the place has Italian food you'd think they have enough pasta to feed all the American Signores on a detour form Eataly. I was mistaken. After a 30 min wait I was informed that the pasta had to be made from scratch because "we don't have it".  (The sandwiches are good)	0
Recently went back to the Eddy.  The food is interesting, and clearly this is a chef that understands nuanced flavors.  That is the good part.   Unfortunately, the Eddy really rips you off on the alcohol.  Wine and drink prices are way, way out of line for the neighborhood, even for a good or upper end place.   In addition, they have the tendency of making you wait for your table, even if it is open to try to get you to buy a drink at the bar.   But, the worst part, is even with ridiculously high wine prices, either by the bottle or by the glass (we are talking $15-20 per GLASS), the pours are so incredibly small.  Twice the price for half the portion, or so it would seem.   I guess I would tell the Eddy the following: you can charge high prices and give good value, or you can charge lower prices and give lesser value to the customer, but you CAN'T charge very high prices for very, very small portions of wine and/or drinks.  This is not something that will work.  I liked the food, and the setting is reasonably nice, however, for the East Village the combination of feeling like you are getting ripped off does not leave customers with a very good taste in their mouths after the meal is over.   I'm still deciding if it is worth going back, probably not given the range of restaurant choices in the City overall, and the East Village in particular.  In short, the Eddy is being a bit grubby on the alcohol profit, and is being very penny wise and yet so very pound foolish in how it is managing this part of its business.  Alas.........	0
Had dinner here on a Friday night. The server was friendly. We ordered several items and entrees to share a la carte. The tots were good but I expected them to blow my mind-- there are 4 to an order. The tendon puffs were okay -- the cheese inside kind of overwhelms the wonton-esque wrapper they are in. My boyfriend thought the lamb entree had a very overpowering spice-- something not quite like star anise but just did not leave a good after-flavor in your mouth, even though the lamb itself was cooked well. I had a fish entree but again, there was an overpowering spice. The cocktails are pricey and to both of us, and also the 2 diners next to us, kind of tasted like medicine. The server recommended a different drink in lieu of the one my boyfriend had, which was a slight improvement in flavor, however, she up-charged us for the difference in the two drinks which is not the usual etiquette for restaurant-- it's not like switching out an poorly cooked chicken entree for a lobster, thought the price differential was only $2, just something another restaurant would not do. The space is cozy and intimate.	0
Incredibly overpriced for the food and atmosphere. Food is mediocre. Highly doubt if anyone goes there fpr a second time. Whatwver else you do, wherever else u go it will be a better way to spend your money.  The wholefoods burrata tastes much better than what the eddy offers. Only good thing is the beef tongue pastramy.  I never write reviews but this time i couldnt stop myself.	0
I was excited to try The Eddy for dinner after I saw the review on Tasting Table.  The service/ atmosphere/ food itself was great.  Nevertheless, I cannot recommend eating dinner here due to the price to portion value.  I finished my dinner plate with 4 forks full of food.  This is not the restaurant to go hungry to.  My friend and I had to go to another restaurant after to get a more fulfilling meal.	0
The service was very personable, the food was very delicious, and the ambiance was intriguing; however, the food descriptions on the menu were vague and the portion sizes were much too small. I think every New York restaurant should strive to find a balance between quality, portion size and price.	0
I had dinner here last night and would NOT return. The service was slow, the food was bland, and there was this lingering dive bar smell to the restaurant.	0
It's so over-rated. The line is too long. The service too slow. The burgers too oily. The fries tasteless. The choice limited. No sides besides fries. The hype is over. And do you want to hear something really awful ? I found a chip of plastic in my meat patty. I took it to the manager. She never comped my meal or anything. Didn't even insist. She said, " can we do anything for you?"  I said no. She left it at that. I told her to have that chip of whatever analyzed. Who knows what their meat supplier is dropping into the meat.  If you want a better burger go to Brgr or 5 Napkin.	0
I recognize that I'm completely in the minority on this - but the food here just isn't good.  The fries are horrible (crinkly or otherwise), the hotdogs taste like they've come out of a microwave oven and the hamburgers are way too greasy.   Ok - the shakes are ok - but that's really the extent of any reason to come here.   There is absolutely no legitimate excuse to stand in a line for 20+ minutes to get a burger and fries at this place. If you want good burgers and fries, go to 5 Guys Burgers and Fries.  The food is so much better there. Again, I recognize that I'm in a minority here.  Everyone else seems to love the food here.  I just will never understand it.	0
After a trip to the AMNH we were ravenous and headed around the block to Shake Shack. My sister and I near demanded it.  It was packed--they are still always so packed! It's nuts! It's just a burger joint, guys! A burger joint we had to eat at...  We waited patiently in line in the freezing cold and then we ate our burgers and chips out in the freezing cold because it was too busy inside to find seating. We are ridiculous Australians.  And to be perfectly honest, I wasn't overwhelmed by my first Shake Shack experience--the fries at the upper west side Shack weren't crinkle fries, and my double Smokestack kinda just tasted like a Hungry Jacks bacon double cheeseburger. So it was tasty, sure, but also meaty and greasy and not the dream burger I'd built up expectations for. Never mind. I don't need you, UWS.	0
Before going to this one I've been to the one in Cambridge, MA. So I knew their burgers were good and that they open late, that's why I've been there. * OK, it's just a bunch of dollars for a burger. BUT I hated the aggressiveness of the staff who just had in mind to close the store (I arrived 5-10 minutes before the close). So they rushed me so hard. No niceness, no smile, the girl at the cashier looked clearly like disliking her job and talked to me bad. I was really upset when leaving. * Don't go there when they're about to close! Sorry, you lost a customer.	0
Unimpressed. The food was extremely salty that I even went to complain about oversalting and they made me a fresh new burger... and it tasted exactly the same, SO SALTY! As far as burgers go this just wasn't satisfying. I like salt but this was overwhelmingly salty. The second burger just confirmed to me that this was the usual. Not sure where all the hype comes from and after coming off of trying In-N-Out this was just so disappointing.	0
It's fast food. I mean, it's not terrible but I never ever understood how people fell in love with this place. It IS a notch above McDonalds, I will grant you that, but only a notch. I always felt like the love for this place mainly came from those who wish they could eat at McD's but felt too stylish to do so and this place allowed them to sate that urge. I went a few times, always dragged by others after the first and I was always non-plussed. I'm not a TOTAL snob when it comes to fast food, either, I DO like Chipotle (even though I feel super guilty afterwards). But Shake Shack just doesn't do a single thing for me.	0
Really? People like this place? We came here because it was super close to the Natural History museum and it had good reviews... what's with NYC and the serious review score inflation?? 1) The line here is crazy long. You stand in line and then wait for your food. If there are 2 or more of you, send the others to find a table right away. 2) There is limited seating upstairs but more downstairs. I literally stood in a queue to get a table. Some people tried to cut the line but were promptly told what the process was. The seating here is inadequate.  3) The food is BLAH. The hot dogs are rubbery. The mushroom/cheese burger was like eating a garlic clove and even though we were hungry, we couldn't finish one of them between us. The fries were the only decent thing about the meal. What's the draw of this place? It's true that I didn't have a hamburger, but we tried several of their other items and were not impressed.  We really weren't impressed with any of it.	0
Spectacularly average burgers and fries. But with a line 20 people deep and a ten minute wait for your burger! I just don't get it New York! If your burgers are this average it shouldn't take them so long to make them. Shakes are average also, but at least there is no line. In-n-out in LA and Five guys from DC are way better and faster than this place.	0
Today was my worst experience ever in this shake shack. I ordered around 9:50 and didn't receive anything for more than an hour (finally got it minutes before closing at 11).  I know it was busy but I asked the lady calling numbers around 30 minutes in and she just shrugged me off saying that my beeper didn't beep so I wasn't called. So I waited and waited for another 30 minutes ( which ended up being over a full hour) and finally got so fed up I wanted to just leave without my food until I asked the cashier to Check my order in the cash register to show that I had truly waited for over an hour for my food at which point the employees had an "oh shit" moment and just gave me my food to go. I literally waited a whole hour; watching people many minutes after me come and go as I sat patiently for my simple order of a double shack burger and fries.  Needless to say, I am very disappointed and don't want this to be my last time here, but I'll definitely choose to go to some other burger.  Pic of my receipt  <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fimgur.com%2Fzsv16rN&amp;s=575fb25e29e67975a059081fc79a6c7d363887392bbfabcee9734eb63879da3a" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">imgur.com/zsv16rN</a>	0
The burgers are really good but the fries are disgusting..  They used to use fresh fries and now they use the same frozen ones that they use at white castle.. 5 guys has wayyyyy better fries, no comparison..	0
Went last night with my boyfriend. They were out of hamburger buns so we both got hot dogs. I was vomiting by the time we walked to Columbus Circle, and he was vomiting by the time he got home.  So beware Shake Shack hotdogs! Probably went bad in the summer heat when they were being taken off the shipment truck and left on the sidewalk for too long. On the bright side, I got to vomit in Central Park while those fireworks went off last night, so that was probably my most romantic sick session. Thanks for the food poisoning shake shack!	0
Mediocre at best.	0
I'm so very sad to give this one star <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Freview.my&amp;s=b384e2d512d86108dff3959bb8fb32079120b312b3120b778fcda6104f634436" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">review.my</a> friends and I went here finally to see what this 1658 4 star review was all about. The food was actually quite delicious and we enjoyed ourselves here.  The sad part was the next day my friends and I had extreme food poisoning: and each of our symptoms looked different but painful nonetheless. We tried not to attribute it to the food here but when I saw one after another drop sick like flies it was pretty alarming. Perhaps this was a one time thing but my google attempts gave me a different picture. I hope there were not other people who fell sick after a meal on mar 11(in the evening). Sad sad sad reality. I hope the establishment rectifies whatever is goin on here.	0
This location is a disappointment. Don't open so many locations if you cannot maintain proper quality control. I got a Shack Burger and the patty was burnt to a crisp and had the smallest amount of shack sauce. I also got fries and they weren't even crinkle cut, not to mention they were super soggy. The only redeeming quality is the vanilla custard cup. On point every time.  Madison Square Garden location may have a longer line, but it's worth it. Immensely better.	0
This chain is way overhyped. Heard about this place for years in the west coast and that it was "so good." Finally tried it and was so disappointed.  Long line for both the food and the bathroom.  Had the hamburger. It's so small and slightly overpriced. There's nothing that special about it. I had backyard bbq burgers that tasted about the same.  It wasn't horrible, so two stars it is.  Maybe it's because I grew up with In n Out, but this place is just blah. In n Out is so much better!	0
I was served barely-warm fries and a barely-warm hot dog, and the hot dog was ridiculously chewy. It took forever to eat because I had to chew so much. Very odd. For me, the shine had been fading on Shake Shack already, and today might be the nail in the coffin, at least for NYC locations.	0
The burgers are heavily salted and nothing special. Fries were surprisingly soggy/stale...milkshake was good. Hotdog seems passable...for the price I would expect more. But then again, there's no compeitition around this one nearby so maybe it just have the monopoly on cheap grub near the Museum of Natural History. Anyways, if you can, beg for a Cali-type In-n-Out here.....	0
The burger and fries were pretty good. However my shake was terrible. It seems as if it was given to me after standing for an hour. The ice cream was completely melted and it was actually beginning to get warm. Gross.	0
Meh.  It's too greasy for my liking.  If it was the same amount of greasiness but I couldn't see it, then fine.  But the fact that I can see how oily the bun is was kinda gross for me.  That pretty much a turn off.  It's not worth the calories to for me.	0
I know I'm in the minority, but I think this place is overrated.  First, never get a shake here. They're way too thick and you can barely drink them - it's like trying to get ice cream through a straw.  But of course, people come here for the burgers. The burgers are certainly good. That said, I don't think they're worth the hype and huge line. This place is always PACKED and there are so many good food options near by I just don't see how it's worthwhile. I like burgers, but there is no reason to wait in the line that regularly goes around the block and takes 20-30 minutes.	0
I came here on around 7pm on a weekday, the line was long but didn't take more than 15 minutes to get to the cashier. I ordered a  malted caramel vanilla shake and added a pinch of salt to it, freaking delicious!! Then I decided to eat my shack burger and cheese fries. The fries were gross, maybe because they were overdone yet only warm, and the burger was okay after loading on some ketchup. I now know to go to Shake Shack ONLY for their shakes. I was truly disappointed in the meal.	0
After waiting a long time for food and a place to stand to eat, just when we were about to eat, a shake shack employee dragged a giant trash bag full of garbage between us and our food, leaking waste all over, including our shoes.  We complained as he was doing it yet he didn't stop.  Got the manager who only after seeing there was still waste in the dining area from the leaking bag decided to give us a refund. We left. Terrible experience. And there was a separate door for trash and service but they dragged leaking garbage across our feet in the dining area.  Awful and won't ever go back.	0
I love burgers and try one at almost every place I go to eat. I just really don't understand the hype that this place generates. The burgers here are simply OK and the fries are terrible, over cooked and cold before you even start eating them. I live nearby and I can't justify waiting in line, and then another 15-20 minutes waiting for your food, a mediocre burger.	0
I think this place is overrated, I would give 2,5 stars. Burgers were just ok, too thin for my taste. Shakes were better. I would rather go to Burger Joint to more juicy, big and tasty hamburgers. Fries were very oily and not crispy at all!  From the pictures posted here, it seems quality has worsened over the years.	0
There's just too much hype about this (now) chain. The original Shake Shack at Madison Square park was great on off hours (no burger is worth a 1 hour wait in my world). It's still a pretty decent burger for a fast food-chain, but not worth more than a 15 minute wait. I had the shack burger, which is affordable, albeit quite small. Nice touch with the waffle fries, but they had little to no flavor. I would come back to check out their shakes and dessert, but when it comes to burger chains, I take Five Guys over Shake Shack any day. Especially if you're hungry. And who goes for burgers when they just have a small appetite? Ingredients are high quality but I bit on a chunk of cartilage in my pattie.  Overall I'd say, the presentation and overall marketing is great, but if you're really into burgers, there are better chains (namely Five Guys here in NYC).	0
As someone who's had plenty of both Five Guys and In-n-Out, Shake Shack stradles this line between the two and falls short. Their burgers are very simple and clean and small - pretty much like an In-n-Out. Unlike In-n-Out, they actually taste GOOD - the potato bread is mealy and the patty has a nice beefy flavor to it. They aren't as greasy as Five Guys, pack less toppings, and are much smaller. If they came in at the $2-3 In-n-Out price, they'd get 4 stars. But at $4-7 for a burger with the size of simplicity as your basic fast food restaurant, you can get a lot more at Five Guys or even a full-out restaurant. I was really unimpressed with the shake I got, one of the "concrete" mixes. LOADED with chunks of sugary crap, so that it was hard to actually taste the frozen custard base without a tooth-shattering crunch interrupting you.	0
Burgers are small in size but taste ok. Shake is nothing spectacular either. Not sure about the hype here.	0
I love me some shack shake but this location left a bitter taste in my mouth.   I stopped by right after work for a quick shake, and ended up waiting a really long time.  What's the point of having a separate line for shakes and concretes only? I sadly watched as people who came after me got their burgers, fries, AND shakes. I had to cancel my order and get my money back.  You would think a place with terrible service would at least have offered me a free shake or a discount.  No apologies, nothing.  I didn't know slow service was expected.	0
Actually I don't know why this place is so famous. So expensive for burgers even thou they are fastfood. Always so crowd. I like fiveguys more than this burger.	0
After hearing about how popular and good this was, I tried it out. The burger was so soggy and not even good. Don't know how people can say this is better than In&amp;Out..	0
Shared a couple double SmokeStacks and a hotdog with cheese fries on the side with a friend. Greasiest crap I've ever had. The burgers were overrun with red peppers. It ruined the taste entirely. The best was the fake cheese whiz the Fries came with, and that's pretty gross. Why do people line up for this experience?	0
Yeah, this place is cool. If you want to wait 20 minutes for a milkshake that turns out to have been sitting ready for you for 10.	0
My friend said it was ok but by far a great burger!  He asked for 2 kinds of cheeses and they only had one and no sauteed onions...They had nothing on the menu I could eat except fries and they were a bit too greasy for my taste.  Smash and Jackson Hole are better. To their defense I didn't try the shakes which I'm assuming is the trademark of this place but the food is just average.  I can see why people would enjoy this spot but I think its hyped!  Just my opinion...	0
I ordered 2 shroom burgers and fries.  The shrooms were rubber, tried to chew one bite but ugh it was terrible.  Fries were soggy, overly greasy, and tasted way off.  I threw out more than half.  Waste but lesson learned no more shake shack for me.  i had a shroom burger from shack in madison square park years ago and it was very good so I thought this one would be the same...was NOT.	0
I heard so many great things about this place, I couldn't wait to try it.  The atmosphere was very generic, cement floors and gray everywhere.  The burger I got was good - in the same way that a Whopper Junior from Burger King is good. It was small, fast-food like, and overpriced.  I also got cheese fries, which were crinkle cut. The actual fries were ok, but the cheese sauce they put on it was disgusting. I probably only ate three fries out of the basket before ditching it in the trash.  I also tried a strawberry shake, thinking that since it was the Shake Shack, my mind should be blown. The shake was boring. It was barely strawberry. I've had milkshakes ten times better at fast food joints, McDonald's even.  I left disappointed, and poorer. For the price, I would rather go somewhere worth it.	0
I read the reviews on yelp before going here, and when someone said it was better than 5 Guys and In n Out - so I had to try it.  My husband is more of a burger person than I am, but i LOVE In n Out - so we went! My husband ordered a Shack burger (single) and said it was ok, the bread was good, but the burger was greasy.  I had a shroom burger (which is their vegetarian 'burger') and when I took a bite into it, all this oozey stuff started coming out!  I was trying to figure out what it was, and it was all cheese!!  Ugh.  I was pretty disappointed... Not only was the bun greasy as hell, but i ate deep fried cheese with one thinly sliced mushroom....... anyways - the fries were good and my husbands banana fosters 'custard' was pretty good although it didnt look like custard, more like frozen yogurt or something. All in all i'm glad we tried it, because now i know i will NEVER go back.	0
Hrm not sure I understand all through fuss. Had the shroom burger while my boyfriend had the smoke shack - both pretty good and we liked that they were freshly cooked to order. However the buns are too soft and sweet, and I couldn't taste anything distinctive about the shack sauce. I think there are many other places in NYC for a better burger (still trying to find the perfect one, so stay posted!), but perhaps worth visiting here for the frozen custard or shakes, which neither of us had. The Brooklyn brewery Shake Meister Ale was excellent though! Service decent and fast during mid week around 4pm. But overall - only okay.	0
Very disappointed.  Made reservation for three and received a small table in the corner. When I asked them to squeeze another table. Their response was that they have another party with a big group. I told them I made reservations  and I should receive a bigger table but they did not accommodate at all. If it wasn't a valentine day weekend I would have gone up and went to another place. Would not be back again	0
I recently watched Jon Favreau's "Chef" which was essentially a 90-minute hardcore session of food porn (and I mean that in the best way possible). The residual impact of that experience is that I was left with a deep craving for Cuban sandwiches and other tantalizing delicacies from the area. So a friend's birthday at Havana Social seems like a good way to satisfy me, right? Well, maybe not quite. Havana Social is brand new, so maybe they just need some more time to work through their growing pains, but the food wasn't quite enough to keep my craving at bay. Fortunately, the experience as a whole was pretty solid thanks to great service. The highlight of the meal was the complimentary mini mac n' cheese empanadas that kicked it off. Aside from the fact that it came as very pleasant surprise, these bite-sized morsels were nicely flavored and also had the benefit of making you feel like a giant. The regular shredded chicken empanada was great as well, so it seems that they've pretty much nailed down this whole stuffed pastry thing. The rest of the food was more hit-or-miss. The guacamole was a little on the bland side, but the texture was on point. The calamari was drenched in a thick, sweet sauce which masked the taste of the calamari of itself... maybe on purpose? The paella was good, but it was a little disappointing to see a couple of dead mussels thrown into the mix. The decision to serve some of their entrees in bento boxes (yes, the same boxes you get at Japanese restaurants) is interesting, but the chicken lacked seasoning and was a bit dry. On the other hand, the pernil was tender and juicy, and easily the best thing I tried post-empanada. Fortunately, the service at Havana Social was top notch. The entire staff is attentive and accommodating, and they greet you with a friendly smile. The restaurant may not be exactly where it needs to be right now, but it does have potential since I sense there's an urge to come up with more creative dishes in the kitchen. But until then, there's quite some room for improvement.	0
waitress to impatience for us to keep ordering, I was half way my plate and she asked me if i was done as i was taking a 3 min break in my conversation lol its funny but umpleasent, i dont think i will come back here, food was ok, drinks ok, prices a bit high for the place, service and food.  Btw, place was really small and tables are basically on top of each other, you can easily get into other peoples conversation. hate that!	0
Portions are too small.  I am sorry I don't think that any Hispanic restaurant should be allowed to serve portions this small.  Its not sushi people! These are not delicate foods that are being served.  These aren't artisanal cuts or organic produce.   Plaintains cost like 50 cents why are they giving me like 10 cents worth of plantain for $10.   I don't get it!  I'm far from cheap and will spend money on a bill with no problem but seriously this place is a problem!!!  It does have a nice ambiance though and does have great tasting drinks. But I would never travel more than 6 minutes to go here though.  If your lazy and live in the area than go here.	0
We arrived with out a reservation - we were told 20-45 minutes - 1.5hours later no food	0
My party made reservations thru open table ... Arrived exactly on time and upon checking was rudely advised we had no reservation, I was a bit taken back by the rudeness of the hostess and showed her my confirmation on my phone and she said it didn't matter we had no reservation and turned her screen to show me.  She then said rudely she would see about a table and came back to say she would have a table when the guests that just placed their entire order were finished and pointed at a table.  It was apparent they believe they do not need new patrons and so we walked out and spent our money with an establishment that was pleased to welcome us.	0
Don't get me wrong....the food was delicious....we had the empanada appetizer and it was really good. I got the pork which was decent but a little dry. Once I got some sauce for it, it was much better. The best thing on my plate though was the plantains. They were carmalized perfectly and just generally well prepared. My friend got the chicken. They warned us that it would take half an hour. Problem was, once we got it, it wasn't worth the wait. Waiting was a theme at this spot. We were running very late for our reservation after our show ran long but they still accomodated us which was nice. But the customer service really ended there. I had to ask several times for the drink I ordered, had to ask for silverware, and ask another server to find ours more than once. When I wanted to ask the server for sauce, I saw her at the other end of the restaraunt (the space is small) and she was sitting down at a table. The experience was pretty annoying and overshadowed the good food for me. I'm not likely to return.	0
Attempted to come here a few weeks ago, but I won't be back.  I made a reservation the day prior and on the day of somebody from the restaurant called me to confirm the reservation.  I missed the call but called back about 30 mins later to confirm our reservation; the same lady picked up and I thought all was set.  Went to the restaurant that night and the host told us that they gave up our table and we would have to wait over an hour since we "never called back to confirm the reservation."  We tried to reason with the host which only led to him giving us some lip.  I couldn't believe we were getting lectured by this host.  I would have appreciated it if the restaurant owned up to its mistake of overbooking instead of accusing me of the error.  I wanted to show the host my call history from my cellphone just to prove I called to confirm, but realized I called from my office land-line.  After this, we walked out and went to another restaurant in the area.	0
I've been excited to try this place since first visiting Yardbird in Miami a few years ago (FANTASTIC brunch).  I had high expectations, and sadly R&amp;B didn't live up to them, but it was still decent.  Here's the rundown: ATMOSPHERE: This place is tiny and they cramp as many tables as possible.  Do not expect privacy. SERVICE: Excellent! MENU: A decent size, although they could perhaps throw on a few more items.  We happened to be there during restaurant week, so we each ordered a 3-course menu and then a side of the biscuits to share. FOOD: It's super tasty, but aside from the entrees which are relatively normally sized, the portions are TEENY TINY.  Some details -       -Biscuits - one bite each, and there's two of them.  Literally.  Not worth it.      -Drunken deviled eggs - these are really really good, but again, it's two egg halves.             Maybe worth it if you like deviled eggs.      -Grilled Butternut Squash - this dish BLEW OUR MINDS.  It was small but fine, and         the ginger raisin bbq sauce and salt + pepper marshmallow were both         absolutely phenomenal.  THIS dish was worth the price.      -Shrimp + Grits - a decent portion, and very good. More interesting than traditional.      -Fried Chicken &amp; Waffles - they were MUCH better in Miami.  Not sure why.  The        sauces though - tabasco honey and whiskey maple syrup - they were outstanding.     -Banana Cream Pie - nothing special. Literally 4 bites.      -Sticky Toffee Pudding - not sticky toffee pudding.  Two little round balls of dry       cake, with very tasty stout ice cream to the side. PRICE: Overall, way too expensive for the average quality and portion size.  A few standout dishes, but I wouldn't go back.	0
The Root of Disappointment. I've dined with Root &amp; Bone three times since it's opened and to be frank, each experience has been more underwhelming than the last. Root &amp; Bone serves up farm-to-table comfort food at an undeservingly higher price point than comparable restaurants. Admittedly, the food is good. But no more than fair in comparison to similar options in NYC. The staff can't seem to figure out if they take reservations or not. And the wait often seems like a fictitious event to create the perception that demand is greater than it is. The good news is you can avoid the wait by ordering in. The bad news is that your food may be delivered cold and in complete shambles. Unaccommodating staff. Confusing experience. If you're looking for fried chicken, Blue Ribbon is just down the street. I'd take Mamma's Food Shop back given the choice.	0
Dear Root and Bone, We heard such good things about your restaurant and were eager to try it one night during our recent trip to NYC.  Before leaving home, we checked your website to view your menu and hours of operation. We got here on a rainy Thursday night - right after you opened at 5:30 p.m.  We walked in and immediately picked up on the inviting aroma of comfort food being prepared.  We also took note of the dinnerware that gave the feel of eating at Grandma's house.  Then things went bad very quickly. We told a server that we were here for dinner and she told us that the restaurant was hosting a private party thus we couldn't dine there until 8:30 p.m.!  Wow...!  No sign on the door saying this and no mention of this on your website.  Your failure to inform potential customers is inexcusable.    Now, if you if you had made this known on your website (I'm sure that you had this closure planned for quite some time), we would have made plans to eat here on another night and would, no doubt, have left a far, far better review. I don't know if we will try to go to your restaurant on a future visit.  You need to step up your game.  First and  foremost, place such info in a prominent place on your website since most people, when researching places to eat, start by visiting the restaurant's website.	0
Ate: Fried Chicken, mac and cheese Drank: Smash and Grab, water Liked: The mac and cheese was probably the highlight, but not worth coming back just for that. Disliked: The 2 hour wait.  Hostess told us table would be ready soon after an hour, so we actually stood around for the second hour.  Not happy campers after that. Chicken: Yes, people seem to love the fried chicken, but mine came with soggy skin and wasn't super flavorful.  Maybe that's some new trend that I'm not aware of? Would mom like it?: Mom is a patient person but she wouldn't have put up with the ridiculous wait. Would I go back: Never.  The hostess told us it would be about an hour wait, but ended up being over 2 hours.  We were a party of 4 and what was disappointing was seeing multiple tables of 2 get seated before us even though we got there first.  They really should have held two tables of 2 for us. Recommend: We went to Sigmund's across the street for the first hour of waiting and even though they didn't have as big a menu there, it was a much better experience, ambiance, food and service.  We should have just stayed there instead of standing in the cramped doorway for an hour.	0
I definitely won't be running back to Root &amp; Bone. While the biscuits were great everything else left something to be desired. The fried chicken wasn't crispy, the macaroni and cheese was liquidity and mushy and the pork belly bacon was severed in a puddle of grease. The portions are fairly small and for a party of 2 the bill after tip was a few dollars short of $100. If you're having a friend chicken craving try Sweet Chick and Brooklyn Star, sorry Root &amp; Bone!	0
So, like everyone else who comes here, I was suckered in by ny.eater's review of the purportedly amazing fried chicken at root and bone. Nicholas, our server, told us that they were voted to have the best fried chicken in New York (by whom was not mentioned).  When we sat down I checked to see if my fav Pete Wells reviewed Bone in NYT. Apparently he hadn't (Wells don't got time for this Alphabet City "best fried chicken in town" nonsense) so I was left with a review in Bloomberg. It turned out that all of this reviewer's favorite items were off the menu.  Three other menu items were off the menu too because they "ran out" by 10pm when we sat down (when normal people sit down for dinner in NYC). I suggested they reverse run out of items by keeping some items off the menu until reasonable time (like 8). Nicholas wasn't amused.  Fried chicken was underwhelming. Grits and deviled eggs were good, and root vegetables had nice acid. Bur let's be real this place is genuinely terrible; terrible like how your San Francisco friends tell you they could never live in NYC because it's too busy, of course, only after having visited midtown just under Central Park; after walking through Greenwich village to get to brunch they report its starting to grow on them. I asked Nicholas about his experience working at Bone, saying the place reminded me of Georges' ABC kitchen (not in a good way - the place feels like it's trying to be Alphabet City low key chic but it is trying SO HARD). Customers are hustling hard too -- everyone is having their "special nite (no not night) out in amazing nyc" at this cool place far from the subway that the read about in a food blog - "don't worry, Avenue B these days is totally safe." Because really, let's be real -- $35 chicken is obviously NOT low key.  The place feels disingenuous -- trying hard to be chill low key but making probably $30 margins on its most frequently pushed (but so highly rated!) menu item.  I couldn't take it seriously. I left the place laughing. We'll not be back.	0
This review is based only on the incompetence of the hostess on a recent Friday night, as we never actually got the experience dining aspect of Root &amp; Bone: Friday, around 7:00p, three of us are quoted a two hour wait. Okay, fair enough, its a Friday night in NYC. We go grab a drink and come back in just under two hours. We wait about ten more minutes, at which point the hostess finally acknowledges us. Then, with a totally straight and unapologetic face, she says that its going to be another hour.  Not. A. Chance.	0
Staff is confused and rude--they basically are unable to accommodate their guests.  they do have a long list of Do's and Don't that they will happily share with you.  Tried a couple of times with this place but the rudeness of the staff makes your appetite disappear.  Also I concur with other reviewers, great option if you want to smell like oil &amp; chicken for the rest of the evening. Oh yes, tried to get delivery from them one fine day, after a 1hr and 30 minutes of waiting and anticipating lots of food the no show delivery order was simply cancelled by the staff as a remedy.  I live 1 block away and delivery time was estimated at 30 minutes!	0
This review is based on a take-out perspective. It was a snowy day and I made my way out here to get their chicken and waffles and mac and cheese. The food was good, not amazing. I think Amy's Ruth in Harlem has better chicken and waffles. What baffled me about this place is the price paid for the amount of food. It was $15 for two small pieces of chicken and waffles. Clearly, not fulfilling. The service provided at the check-out was not good either. I was forced to sign my credit card bill with a highlighter and was given a look when I asked for a plastic bag. Don't people know that precipitation could rip through a paper bag? Needless to say, this was my first and last time here.	0
Overpriced, tiny portions, for excellent fried chicken I prefer Bob White on Ave C	0
came here for Sunday brunch. Was told there would be a 1 1/2 hour wait, which turned out to be a pleasantly surprising 30 min wait. We ordered the 1/2 bird fried chicken and the whiskey cheddar waffles. Also had the okra cola and a cherry cola. The fried chicken. Couldn't read a review without the chicken being mentioned. The Holy Grail of chicken. Worlds best fried chicken. Push your mom in front if a bus to get to this amazing fried chicken. What a let down. The chicken was moist and the skin was nice and crispy, but there was no real flavor. Im not sure if I overhyped myself into thinking this would be the best fried chicken ever or what. There was a bottle of a hot sauce (tobasco?) and honey concoction, which gave the flesh some actual taste. On to the waffles. Another disappointment. Didnt taste the whiskey, tasted like regular waffles with some cheese. The one saving grace were the scallions, it truly gave the waffles a needed kick in the flavor department. This came with a bottle of syrup, which didnt do much, at least not for me. The okra cola was just house cola with a quirky name. On a positive note the waitstaff were very friendly and the food came out very fast. Overall a very disappointing meal, especially when you expect so much, flavorwise. This is the baby of 2 top chef contestants, so I expected so much more.	0
The fried chicken is overrated. I can do better in my kitchen. It's also overpriced. The cheese grits were disgusting. There was some Cheez Wiz-like stuff involved. How do you f*** up grits? They're trying to do too much. The trick to soul food is to keep it simple.	0
Ate here on Saturday 2/7/15 and was sick within an hour after leaving. I should have known however - because as I was waiting for a table I heard the chef sneeze as he was putting  a pan of fried chicken in the warmer. But I wasn't watching closely enough to see how/if he covered the sneeze. Evidently he did not cover it well.	0
So many expectations, but so disappointed in the end. The place have a great atmosphere and a cool design. But........ The food is just really simple and not really taste like it looks in the picture.	0
People have been raving about this spot since it opened up, but after my experience on Saturday I'm really not sure why.  I mean i get it, its a cool space that's said to have delicious fried chicken, but in actuality, it was the worst fried chicken I've ever had.  The skin was ok, but the chicken itself was stringy and rubbery at the same time.  My "gulf shrimp" and grits were sub-par (definitely did not taste the way a delicious gulf shrimp should taste, they were cold, slimy, and possibly thawed out while I ate my appetizer and tossed into the grits without even seeing any form of heat.) My husband had the meat-loaf which he enjoyed, and we shared the gooey-spoon corn bread, which was good, because who doesn't like under-cooked corn bread? All in all, it was ok, but I don't see us going back there again.   PS, maybe next time time its 30 degrees outside, the restaurant could turn on the heat?  It was freezing in there	0
Small space commensurate with the vast majority of establishments in the (far) East Village.   Our group of four came here for dinner based on the accolades given to this chef duo's Miami restaurant, Yardbird.    The highlight of the experience was easily the service.  Each and every member of the waitstaff was extremely friendly, outgoing and very attentive. However, the food, although good, just did not measure up to the hype.   The cornbread served with clotted cream and apricot preserves was dry and flat (literally and in taste) for a cornbread.  The only thing saving it was the clotted cream accompaniment. The fried chicken was moist, but parts of the batter on certain pieces was soggy and the seasoning was lacking.  Also, the batter to meat ratio skewed heavily towards over-battering. The accompanying waffles again were fine, but the melted cheddar cheese on top hardened almost immediately and was not very appetizing after sitting for five minutes. The deviled eggs were akin to those found at many a family BBQ.   The ricotta gundi was bland and served with too much sauce. The macaroni and cheese was second runner up for best food choice, which our group voted to be the waffle fries seasoned with fresh dill and accompanied by a whole grain mustard aioli with some underlying spice. Of course, as my husband pointed out, it's not hard to serve a good french fry....fried potatoes are inherently delicious....and if that's the best thing on the menu, maybe reevaluate the dining choice.	0
Wanted to LOVE this place...but such a huge disappointment. After loving their Miami establishment we were thrilled to have them in NYC. Came in on a Sat night at 5:30. Figured we would have best of the best as the restaurant just reopened after a break from the brunch rush.  We ordered the 1/2 chicken with waffles. The chicken was very good, tender and juicy inside and crispy, crunchy, not greasy coating. But the size of the chicken was much smaller than I anticipated (more the size of a cornish hen). The waffles were tasteless and barely warm. A side of their "famous" Grandma Daisy's biscuits were dry, no flavor of thyme and cold as well. The jus was watery broth. The best thing that we had was the grilled sweet  corn...husk  n all, done 3 ways, homemade corn nuts, popped corn with cornbread butter and an ear of corn grilled in the husk cut into portions. It was heavenly. We should have sent the waffles and biscuits back but we were starving. We had originally come for brunch but there was a two hour wait which brought us very close to their afternoon closing so we opted to wait for dinner opening. 2 stars for the corn and the very attentive staff who constantly had our water glasses full. I don't think I will return.	0
I think the idea of this place is great.  The fried chicken, the grits, the okra, etc.  It all makes sense, I get it. The thing is, there are so many places like this place. I know what separates this place from others like it, and they arent good things.   The scene: Arrived on a decently warm Sunday afternoon looking to get some viddles from a place which we thought was highly-rated.  We encountered a woman that informed us we would be able to sit in 30 mins, no problem, so we hovered. The nice young woman then offers to take our number and call us.  We go across the street and wait, the phone rings about 15 minutes later. Jackpot!! Nope! We get hung up on but quickly call back. The woman says she never called us and we have to come to the restaurant to put our name in. We return to explain the situation, about how we came, left a name and number and were called. She informed us, "she knew who we were" and walked away.  15 minutes go by and we walk up to the nice young woman and she informs us that the tables she seated were  people who were waiting that had been called...just as we thought we had been. We walked away hungry.  Two weeks later: Following the bad first experience we decided to try it again, fool me once shame on you, fool me twice...you know how it goes.  So, we approach the restaurant, which now has a different set up, you approach a small door that is also the "takeaway door" and we gave our name to different nice young woman.  She told us that it would be about 30 minutes for 2 people and that was fine with us, but alas, she mentioned we could also order food at the window and sit outside. We figured that would work, so we ordered. After we had ordered and as we were filling our drinks at the soda machine, about to try and sit, we realized there were no tables outside, but a bench to sit and wait.  What seemed like 4 minutes later the same woman who took our names walked out of the takeaway door with a couple items of food that appeared to be ours.  After flagging her down we tried to tell her we did not have a table yet. She proceeded to have an extended conversation with a random passerby while she held our once warm food in her hand.  She followed that niceness by saying, "I told you it would come out fast".  As we stood there trying to figure out what to do.  The bar next door took us in.  Thankfully.  So, we got our lukewarm takeaway and sat in a bar next door which was not our plan or ideal for a brunch.  Mostly not cool.  The food: Sorry to say, the best part of this meal were the waffle fries, by a long shot.  We also ordered the $6 deviled eggs and swore they were quail eggs (3 halves - thats $2 per "quail egg" half!!!!!) they were that small and also tasteless.  The cheese-covered grits were tasty, thanks to the cheese!!  I hoped redemption would come  in the form of fried chicken and waffle sandwiches.  I was wrong.  The sandwiches showed up sans tops, a la open-faced, which made for a tough maneuver if its meant to be a sandwich.  We were hungry and sitting in a bar unrelated to Root and Bone so there was nothing we could do.  We ate half of a half before encountering three rubbery, chewy and in our estimation in-eatable bites and gave up.  The cornbread was just ok.	0
So I understand that a place is popular.  I understand you get quoted a 1 hr and 45 minute wait.  I get that 45 minutes later its still a 1hr and 45 minute wait.  I get pissed when 2 hrs and 45 minutes later its still and indertiminate wait.  I really get pissed off when you give me attitude back when I complain about your horrendous ability to quote wait times.  If you can't manage, take reservations.  If your booked to oblivion, stop taking names.  No fried chicken in the world is worth it.  Just get some Popeye;s guys.	0
Waiting time wasn't bad... 20mins or so.  The fried chicken was just ok (nothing special).  The fried chicken waffle sandwich was terrible, waffle was soggy and it broke apart after the initial bite not to mention it was very bland. Mac n cheese was ok, a little undercooked.  Fries were good with a nice seasoning on them.  Drinks was over priced for what they are at $13 each.  And the place doesn't serve beer which is weird... You need beer with fried chicken!!!   Would not go back...	0
Terrible....  Wanted to try this place for a while and failed to get seated twice.  On the second attempt, we put our names down at 7pm for a table for three and were told an hour wait.  We called after an hour and were told they had some people taking a while to pay.  At 9pm, we walked back to check on things and were told they were "close" and they just had a 4 top, 5 top, an 8 top and a 6 top ahead of us.  My boyfriend noted they only have 24 seats in the entire place.  They then admitted they didn't know how long it would be.  We also saw they had seated people listed after us on the reservation list.   I have lived in New York for 8 years and enjoyed or endured the restaurant scene.  I have learned to have patience for good food at a well run establishment.  No fried chicken is worth this.  I wouldn't be surprised if they respond to this with another BS explanation for what happened.  This is my first review.	0
Haven't had the food yet because I've been waiting for 2 hours when they said it would be an hour wait. They need to fix their management and learn how to seat tables correctly. It's not rocket science. Too bad as I had high hopes for this place.	0
The fried chicken was simply put...the BEST I've EVER had!!! The local catch was HORRIBLE!!!! It tasted disgusting and repulsive. As if it should have been taken out with the trash 3 days prior to my arrival. I arrived with my daughter and her boyfriend as they were preparing to open. The staff was very friendly and inviting. Since this was our second time dining there, we were very excited. We were going to try something new. I needed to use the bathroom while we waited for our meals to arrive. I did get something new. The bathroom reeked of old urine. I almost gagged! I looked around the perimeter of the toilet, and it looked as if it hadn't been cleaned for at least 2 weeks. The smell was atrocious!!! It was not like this the first time I visited Root &amp; Bone. They need to re-group!!!!!!	0
I get that there is a long wait for a table, however telling me that I have to wait outside in the cold is ridiculous. Food keeps people coming to your business. But customer service will help your business grow.	0
Terrible service!  No amount of cute decor or even fluffy biscuits can make up for poor service.  We got there at 6 pm and were seated right away, which was encouraging since I'd heard it was difficult to get in.  Started out okay but it was 20 minutes before the server came over to take both our drink and food orders at the same time -- a particular pet peeve.  Then she proceeded to take the orders for two other parties, collecting them as she went along but not submitting any until she had done practically the whole room.  That was the last we saw of her.  The food eventually got delivered -- lukewarm (why?  I have an idea it was sitting on the counter waiting for someone to shuttle it over to our table.)  Nothing was that great, although I'm sure I would have liked the chicken and waffles if they had actually been hot.  The side dish we ordered arrived after we had all finished our entrees.  When I asked about it I was told it takes a "long time" to make -- isn't this something the kitchen should coordinate when they see the order?  Overall it was basically amateur hour in there service-wise and I would never go to Root and Bone again.  There are too many places in new york with both good food AND good service to put up with anything that lousy.	0
Some friends and semi famous bloggers suggested the place. Thursday 8:30pm, told there was a 30-45 min wait. 1 hour later we were seated in the back room. The white wall had just been painted with oil based paint, the room reeked of turpentine - overpowered, I had to leave. My friend who I convinced to come, was non-plussed and I was embarrassed. I sympathize with small businesses/how hard it is to open a restaurant, ect. And, the host should have warned me about the very strong and obvious smell before I wasted a hungry hour waiting. I'm sure the food is good, but if you can't manage the front of the house experience, you will have customers like me... not coming back.	0
Don't waste your time here. They say 45min 2.5 hours later they were still telling us 45min. For something you could get pretty much anywhere in New York.	0
My wife and I are huge fans of the owners having been to the Yardbird Miami restaurant they came from. Sadly the food was a great disappointment. We had been following the opening of Root and Bone for months because we loved the food at Yardbird, so I guess our expectations are a little high.    It's not that the food was bad. It was good. Not great or even very good. Just good. I got the fried chicken which had a breading that had no flavor and the chicken itself had no seasoning to it. The waffle fries were way over salted. As a matter of fact, since we were seated at the bar by the kitchen, we could see all the cooks who were constantly flinging salt on everything.   My wife ordered the Chicken &amp; waffle sliders which is big enough and dense enough for a meal for one person. The waffles were tasty enough and the chicken was okay. No complaints but no fireworks.   We had started with the biscuits.. "Everyone has to try the biscuits!" our cook told us. Sadly, they were very dense and dry. Twice as much gravy would have helped. We also had the peach salad. that was just dull.   Finally, there was the Meatloaf. I had ordered it to go when we ordered the rest because there were so many things I wanted to try. It looked great coming out of the kitchen but it was very dense when we ate it. just a half teaspoon of gravy on top that couldn't spread over the entire thing. Not enough vegetables on the side to justify the price. $21.00.    There were other things we wanted to come back and try, until after we had the food and paid. Walking away, my wife turned to me and said "We don't have to come back here. I kind of thought it would be like the other place. The food wasn't what I had hoped." I agreed, especially since we ordered so many things and ran up a hefty bill. I'd say it was worth what we spent if it had been close to what we had expected. But it wasn't close. Not nearly. I have nothing scathing to say about the place. It's not a bad place.I wouldn't eat there again, but it's not bad. the service was fine, I guess, but the food was unspectacular. Fried chicken should have flavor. Not just salt. Food shouldn't be so dense. So far, the best fried chicken is Sidecar in Brooklyn. If it's chicken and Waffles you want, try Sweet Chick in Williamsburg. The only Meatloaf I know that is good is the Meatloaf Sliders at Backyard in Brooklyn. If you get a chance to go to Yardbird in Miami, you are in for a treat. Order the BLT made with fried green tomatoes and pork belly. yumyumyum	0
DO NOT GO HERE! There was a huge WORM in my friends dish today!!!!!!!!!!! This is the most disgusting thing that happened to me or to my friend!!!!! PLUS Instead of apologizing , they just took the dish back and acted like nothing happened!!!!!!!!!!!	0
I'm VERY VERY disappointed after reading good reviews. Maybe I have to be chinese or know exceptionally well about chinese food to eat at this place, but I had spicy pork (which I didn't read carefully and turned out to be pork feet). It was like impossible to eat with chopsticks or even forks. Also, wasn't spicy AT ALL. It was more like a barbecue sauce instead of what I expected. I'm very picky when it comes to spicy food, but this is just not a place if you're craving something spicy.	0
I just ordered the chicken and broccoli and horribly disappointed.  The source of the chicken was very questionable :/ Was it cat, or horse, or maybe chicken that was two weeks past its expiration date.  The chicken (which is supposed to be white meat) was tougher to bite into than a tough piece of steak.  Hopefully, Szechuan Garden, you can step up your game, because I haven't found anything better in the upper west side.  All I'm looking for is normal chicken.  You could literally go to the grocery store and pick up the cheapest chicken breast and it would be ten times better than what you are currently serving.  Thank you.	0
Tried Szechuan Garden via delivery. For 10 dollar food with 2 dollar tip.  The delivery guy saw the tip and said F word right in front of my face.  I am really sorry for the 2 dollar tip but I don't deserve multiple F words in my face and I was really scared of his demeanor. Be aware of the restaurant.  And if you are the restaurant, please educate the delivery guy.  It is NOT okay to swear in front of customer's face regardless.  If it is not what you expected, just demand more tips.  It really made my whole day awful.	0
Service sucked. Had to wait an hour for 2 bahn mi's!	0
My pho was delivered without vegetables and they wouldn't re-deliver because of weather (duh, thats why i got delivery). I asked if I could come in for lunch the next day for a free bowl of proper pho, with noodles that aren't stuck together and beef that is tender and not pre-cooked, and they offered me a 50% discount a bowl of pho for the next day. It's not even worth the walk. Leave it.	0
On a freezing cold day in early February, I ordered delivery from this place.  I got a flank steak bahn mi and an order of nem.  The delivery man was horribly rude and put the food on the ground in front of me and shoved it over to me with his foot!  The food was cold and the sandwich was soaked with juices and already soggy.  Even though I've been here before and had a positive experience, I would not return/order from here again.	0
I ate the chicken cutlet sandwich and I thought it was disgusting. It was basically fried chicken on bread - no sauce or delicious banh mi dressing, just dry friend chicken on white bread. And the chicken was NOT good, it smelt of stale oil. Now I'm not Vietnamese, but I have been ti Vietnam and eaten a good chicken banh mi and this just wasn't it. Won't order from here again.	0
Food was good but I was too grossed out to ever come back here. As I was waiting for my order, the delivery guy went outside and pressed his two fingers against one nostril and blew snot out of his nose onto the sidewalk. He then proceeded to wipe his nose with his bare hand and walk back into the restaurant, into the kitchen, and assist with putting orders together. I should have walked out right then. Thankfully he left before my order was being put together. Unacceptable. Disgusting. Ugh.	0
This rating is for the pho only. I was surprised that the pho was completely disassembled and you had to put everything together yourself. So this place is only useful for takeout meals. Even then I wouldn't say the pho is any good. Broth was subpar, vegetables and meat sucked. I'm used to eating pho in Little Saigon in Orange County so I know good pho when I taste it.  However I would like to try the Banh Mi sandwiches and would be more than willing to update my rating if I'm impressed by that.	0
Where are all the Vietnamese people?  Is the east coast too cold for them?  If you are looking for authentic pho, then please look elsewhere.  They don't have it here.  If you're looking for authentic banh mi, then look elsewhere, because they don't have it here either. This isn't a sit down place either.  There are 5 stools and a skinny countertop for you to "dine" on.   Trust me when say that this place is not authentic.  I may not be Vietnamese, but for the last 7 years I lived in an area where Vietnamese food was as common as Mexican food.  Southern California...	0
bahn mi pork shoulder the flavors are robust texture and weight is heavier. felt like eating a mcrib. tasted ok but if craving a real bahn mi with crisp, chewy bread cold pickled veggies light layers of marinated meat, this really isn't it.	0
reviews deceived med-- especially those from californians who claimed to have found a good NY pho spot the "Meh. I've experienced better." designated by the 2-star score is pretty on point. will happily pick another potentially mediocre-to-good-enough vietnamese spot next time	0
Man, I was so excited when I saw that this place was opening up. "Finally, a banh mi place in my 'hood?! No way! Etc." For a week, I had been planning my excursion for tasty-times, and.... as much as it pains me to be one of the first people to torpedo this place - which I hope will do very well - I need to share my disappointment, especially for the sake of those who, like moi, don't eat meat. I was (admittedly, presumptuously) expecting the menu to be somewhat similar to that of other banh mi places in the city, such as Hanco's or Lotus -- at least in the sense that there would be several vegetarian options, and that the sandwiches would be priced at around 6 or 7 dollars. Not so. When I arrived, appetite in hand, I of course went to look at the menu. My heart sank... meat, meat, more meat. (Okay, fair enough). I asked the cashier whether it would be possible to have a tofu sandwich made instead. She was very friendly, and told me that they had meant to include one on the menu after several customers had suggested it as an addition. (Okay, I thought, maybe this will be alright after all). Then she added, as she bit into a bowl of pho (kind of strange, no?), that they had just "thrown a recipe together." (Gulp). After an unreasonably long wait (say, fifteen minutes, in an otherwise empty restaurant), I paid my nearly 9 dollars for a rather large sandwich concealed beneath a protective layer of tin foil. Went to the park... Sat down... Unwrapped.... (What is that? It looks not unlike a BK Fish Sandwich thing). I bit into it, and wow, it was bland... just, yeah, exactly like a solid block of tofu, unseasoned, breaded, fried, and put inside a baguette would taste. Bland. The middle few bites were a little better, since someone had thought to put a little bit of cucumber and hot sauce in there (plus a LOT of cilantro), but then I had to finish the other - blander, blandest even - end. Was it worth it? Next time, I'll save myself some time and hit up the Indian joint right across the street.	0
I'm a Vietnamese fanatic.  I will try any Vietnamese place I find.   For some reason which I will never understand New York has terrible Vietnamese.  Virtually every place in  New York which claims to be Vietnamese is actually run by Chinese and Saiguette is no exception. I ordered takeout the other day and everything I had was meh at best. The spring rolls were stuffed with some sort of gummy paste that allegedly was pork. The bun salad contained noodles, grilled meat and nouc cham sauce nothing more. No veggies - nothing. I would not order from there again.	0
$11 for pho..enough said.	0
Enough is enough! Too long have too many people recognized Joe's Shanghai as the brand name for Shanghai food in New York City. Among the other Shanghai restaurants, Joe's Shanghai undoubtedly falls short. Their lackluster food and lackadaisical service are apparent to any frequent eater of NYC. Joe's Shanghai is prime grade "gwai low" tourist trap -- luring unsuspecting NYC visitors in with their ostensible reviews and photos with celebrities. Joe's Shanghai is a mediocre Shanghai restaurant trying to offer a Shanghai cuisine experience.  Somehow, Joe's Shanghai manages to keep a consistent full house -- resulting in ridiculous waits during peek hours. IMHO, unless you've never tried Joe's Shanghai or you're high out of your mind, it's almost never worth it to wait.  Their popular soup dumplings have earned them many accolades -- earning them titles such as "the best" or "must-try". But one item alone will not win the hearts (and stomachs) of your customers. Aside from the Xiao Long Baos, many of the dishes I've ordered in the past have been comparably mediocre -- often taking the complaint of being too salty or too oily or too small-portioned. On one occasion I ordered a stir-fried string bean dish and it was very heavy-handedly seasoned with salt. In another instance, I ordered a stir-fried flat noodle and at the bottom of the dish was a cesspool of oil. I heard many good things about their food. But also many bad things. Consistency, a critical part of any well established restaurant, is something that Joes Shanghai is lacking.  Patrons of Joe's Shanghai thankfully don't have to deal with tipping because they take the liberty of slapping on an 18% service charge for them.  The Joe's Shanghai's self-entitlement to 18% gratuity is almost disgraceful in light of their perfunctory service. Unfriendly and slow. Their staff performs at level a-notch-above acceptable. Then to demand 18% on all their bills -- preposterous. I have given Joe's Shanghai more than enough opportunities to impress me; unfortunately, they have fallen short every single time. It's evident that they don't live up to the hype. Save yourself some time, some money, some disappointment and find another Shanghai restaurant a few blocks away.	0
Overpriced tourist trap Mean hostess with a mean attitude and desperate need of manners. Watery dumplings, and barely ok everything else. Places hasn't been cleaned or re furnished since 1943	0
It's not great.  It's good.  But, meh, I've experienced better. Read everyone else's opinion, but honestly, if you know 小笼包 you'll know this place shouldn't be as popular or well rated as it is.  Plus, if you know Din Tai Fung, or if you've eaten at other XLB places in Taiwan, Hong Kong or Shanghai, then you also know what the gold standard is.  And the gold standard, being 5 stars, means this place is 2, which maybe 5 stars for NYC, but is 2 stars in the global context.  Ya feel me? Yay, its cheap.  So I guess you could say you get a good cost to quality ratio there. And the wait?  What a joke.  The hot pot place across the street is more delicious and more authentic a culinary experience.  So laugh at everyone in line, cross the street, eat, drink, be merry, get your check, go back outside and watch the people that were 'just' in front of you in line STILL wait for a table.	0
I hear about Joe's Shanghai from different crowds. Many in NY deem it the best Shanghai Dumplings they've ever had. Me? I pity them.  Food:  Pork Shanghai Dumplings - Lots of broth which means they use a lot of lard. Very good flavors but why the heck is the skin so thick?  Crab Shanghai Dumplings - Almost no broth. Same thick skin.  Vegetables - The bok choys were not the freshest. Even so most restaurants will just snap the ugly looking areas off....they didn't bother with that.  Btw our vinegar saucer can use more ginger!  Service:  Very fast paced...wait staff gave us the hurry and eat mentality. Ordered two items then the waiter bounced off leaving us with blank reactions...like....is he coming back to take the rest of our order...?  Environment:  I love older Chinese restaurants. It adds to the flavors.  Price:  Not too pricey.  Din Tai Fung in California and Asia is light years better than this. Heck the lesser known joints in those areas make better dumplings. Don't believe the hype.  Food: 3 Service: 1 Environment: 3 Price: 4	0
I don't seem to get why this place is crazy popular. I came here to get some crab meat soup dumplings and they were not what I expected. The soup dumplings came out slightly warm. I was expecting something pipping hot and enjoyable, but it really wasn't.  The restaurant could use a tune up especially the tea cups and plates. They are all scratched up. Don't expect to get your own table. Most likely you will be sharing a table with other customers. There are much better options in Chinatown to go to.	0
Okay so I heard great things about this place and yelp raves about this place so I went out of my way to check this place out. Got there and there was about a 30min wait, no problem - there's definitely a lot of things to do around there. The seating is with a group of people in a round table, it was pretty cool I must say. Food is not that good to be honest. I was with my wife and dad and none of us enjoyed our food. Food is plain and nothing special at all. To top it off!!! The tip is already included ! A nice 20% regardless of what you order or how much you order. It wasn't worth the $$$. Wouldn't go back	0
Just got done eating here and they are SHADY AS FUCK!!!!! Our total bill was less than $32.50. We gave them $40 and they kept the change. We told them we want change back and they said "u said no change".... Uh, no. If I said that then I wouldn't be expecting any change would I? Dumb ass.  They brought our change back and I guess they didn't know I understand Chinese so they started talking shit about us. Also, the change they brought back was $3 less than what they owed us. They definitely didn't deserve the 25% tip they stole from us. Food is ok. Service is so bad and waiters need to learn how to speak English. Any English.  Shady ass people. Will not come back. My advice would be bring small cash ($1 or $5) if you decide to give it a try. Don't expect them to give you your change back.	0
There crab/pork dumplings are crazy good! Last visit, there was a little mess up with our order. we ordered ONE order of crab and pork dumplings to start and what arrived was one order of crab/pork, and one of pork. I thought maybe the waiter mis-understood me and just blew it off. Oh well! They are delicious and we'll eat them! BUT! When new costumers sat down and order the same as us, one order of crab and pork, they same thing happened to us! They received two and were very confused. So beware, there is a waiter that likes to rip you off! Also, not much other than the Dumplings are good. I ordered generals chicken and not only was it a crazy small amount of food that came (i mean not even covering half the plate), but it was so covered with sauce it was inedible. Also ordered scallion beef, and there was little to no beef! This plate was covered full, full of grilled onions!	0
Was in the mood for some dumplings and Yelp lead us here.  We ordered the soup dumplings and the pan fried dumplings. Pork and seafood. Some of the dumpling wrappers were thinner than others. Because of that, the soup dumplings fell apart and some were leaking broth as we picked it up off the basket. The dumplings itself were bland to me. It needed some more seasoning. The seafood dumplings were fishy. We could definitely tell they were seafood from the after taste. The pan fried dumplings was nothing different from your regular Chinese take out. Not the worst dumplings but definitely not worth a second visit. Don't think we'll be back. Headed back to Yelp for another dumpling place.	0
The servers are rude, mandatory 15% service charge is added, and the worst part was that the soup dumplings had no soup inside them. They were over cooked.. I saw another tray go to a different table and theirs looked fine. It would have been better if they apologized and cooked us a new batch.. But that didn't happen. Very disappointed!	0
If you're just beginning your soup dumpling journey, fine, try Joe's. But there are far, far better quality Xiao long bao in Chinatown. I've tried around five different respected places' takes on soup dumplings, and Joe's lacks that rich broth flavor. I've also found several bits of crab shell in my soup dumplings here, and on one occasion, one arrived already burst. If you want to really enjoy this delicacy, go to Shanghai Cafe or Shanghai Asian Manor.	0
You guys, this is NYC. There are SO many places where you can have an amazing  food, great service, AND not spend a million dollars. But this is not one of those places. You walk in and the patrons are 98% out of towners. This is what we call a tourist trap. You do not have to go here "just to experience it" because Betsy from book club said it was amazing. Break the cycle and make your own choices and actually enjoy yourself instead of suffering through "an experience."  I went here with a couple out of town friends because they heard it was really good. *sigh* I should have know. But they brought up soup dumplings. I love soup. I love dumplings. I love soup dumplings! How could this be bad? First of all, you will wait. And if it's cold and/or precipitating, you will hate it. The service was horrendous! From the hostess to the server, everyone was SOO rude! It was one of the worst "restaurant" experiences I've ever had. I've been in NY for over 10 years and a server for most if that time, and I was shocked at how rude they were. I always tip 20% or over (I'm usually pretty understanding if a server forgets water or to put the sauce on the side - it happens) and I wanted to leave 0 tip here. But of course THEY ADD A 15% AUTOMATIC GRATUITY or else nobody would ever leave anything. The dumplings were just ok. I tried the pork soup dumplings and they were pretty bland (although I do tend to prefer more savory, salty broths). When I broke one open, the "meat" was pretty unidentifiable. And all of the dishes my friends and I tried were no better than a cheap take out place. And it was pretty awkward with everyone trying to talk about how good the dumplings were, but you could tell no one really thought they were worth it. Want some good food? Try the ramen place around the corner - Bossanova. Now THEY now how to whip up a good broth. Or go to Queens and get some REALLY good soup dumplings for much cheaper (although still some short waitstaff). Look around and you'll find SOO many options that are amazing. Act like a real New Yorker and "know better." Really, this place is not worth it. Not the money. Not the wait. Not the "experience."	0
Food was mediocre at best and the sitting arrangement was terrible. The soup dumplings there was nothing special, if not below average, imo.	0
Went here with two other people for dinner last night. We shared all dishes, and agreed that this was one of the worst meals of our lives. Out of seven dishes, only the cold sesame noodles were good. Boiled pork dumplings- Gummy, spongey dumpling wrapper like those on cheap frozen supermarket dumplings. The filling was spongy and tasted off, like the pork had been frozen and thawed many times. It also exuded a rancid tasting grease. Soup dumplings - Soup filling tasted like hot garbage. Seasonal Vegetable - Bok Choy was cold, wilted, and drenched in oil. Asked for dish to be prepared 'hot and spicy', but it was completely bland. Singapore noodles - The shredded chicken was dry and gummy, tasted like cardboard, and stuck between your teeth. The noodles tasted like the inside of an old curry jar. The shrimp was completely inedible. Sesame chicken - Edible, but barely. Completely shellacked with an overly sweet sauce. Felt like I was eating candied meat.  The worst part of all of it was the price, which was exorbitant given the quality. I would never eat here again.	0
I don't understand all these raving reviews?!! I decided to give this place a try due to all the reviews and I happened to be in the area.   First, I took off my jacket and before I got to sit down at the table, the waiter asked me if I was ready to order!  I told him that I just got here and he said "well, you better hurry, because take long time." Wth?! I ordered the shrimp dumplings - horrible. It tasted like pork and imitation seafood crap! I also ordered the scallion pancakes - terrible!  I make much better scallion pancakes!  They were greasy and overcooked. I get my change back for my bill and I literally had it for less than a minute and the waiter took it while I was figuring out the tip!  I told him I was not ready and asked for it back. HORRIBLE, horrible service and the food was terrible!  I've had 10X better Chinese food at a take out!  I will definitely not be coming back.                             Also, if the majority of the patrons are not Asian in a crowded Asian restaurant, rule of thumb - it typically isn't good.	0
Overhyped tourist trap I think.. The xiao long bao or soup dumpling was nothing spectacular. The only thing I will remember about the dumplings was that they were MSG filled and so were the rest of the food. I love dumplings and I just had 2 of these. Was not even tempted to eat more.  The fries rice tastes so mediocre, and again overly greasy again. The eggplant's sauce was too thick as well. The pork chops were actually fried well but seasoning and flavor were a disappointment and tasted like the typical MSG-filled food they have.  Good thing we did not have to wait very long to be seated because a wait will definitely not be worth it.	0
It's true the crab and pork soup dumplings are exceptional. We also had the Chinese cabbage with dried shrimp platter, the scallion pancakes, and mushroom and bamboo shoots. All were tasty though the two vegetable dishes could have eased up on the saucing - the ingredients shine all on their own!  My beef had to do with the experience - waiting for a table is not unheard of, but once you sit down, I'd really like to not be further rushed. We ordered several dishes and they came nearly all at once. Our order for a party of 5 overwhelmed the surface area of the table we were sharing with another couple, and left little room for their dishes. Additionally, sitting on the aisle side of the restaurant meant I was hit no less than 5 times by passing servers, other patrons' bags, and the like, and these were no slight pats, but ones that sent my head or arm knocking forward to disrupt items on the table. Managing the crowds or staff is clearly not high on JS' priority list.    I'm glad I came once for the famous dumplings but if the rest is part of the charm of JS, I'd rather opt out.	0
Eh, I mean I like soup dumplings and the place is close. I find the place just 'too cool for school.' The staff doesn't seem to care- even for an Asian place because their wall of fame seems to make them think they're fireproof. The pork and crab dumplings are good, but I've definitely had better-just not in Manhattan, but it's worth the trek out to Flushing if you really want XLB.	0
First off, if you're looking for Joe's Shanghai, don't be confused by the nearby "Joe's Ginger" which is also nearby. I was walking here using Google Maps and it said "I had arrived" but all I saw was Joe's Ginger. Luckily, I kept walking just to be sure and found Joe's Shanghai, which I was expecting to be more of a stand-out place. It was something like 8:30pm when I arrived and the place was still packed and there was a line outside. I stepped inside to put my name on the list. I told a woman I was there by myself and she directed me to follow the group ahead of me to be seated. I was concerned about the line of people waiting outside and wanted to clarify whether she really meant to seat me. She snapped at me and told me in a very rude tone to "go ahead" as if I was some idiot. I was seated at a large round table with seating for 10, along with two other parties. It was weird as we didn't introduce ourselves. We ordered separately and were billed separately.  Having heard so much about Joe's Shanghai, I assumed this place accepted credit cards. But it's cash only. So I walked in there with just $30 in my pocket and was scrambling to have an adequate meal for under $30. I knew I wanted the soup dumplings (xiao long bao) but I did not think that alone would fill me up, so I also ordered the Shanghai noodles.  Together, the dishes did fill me up. I was disappointed in the dumplings. Not impressive at all, at least after having them from Din Tai Fung. I ate at Din Tai Fung in the LA area a few months ago and was so blown away that I've been on a soup dumpling kick ever since. People kept telling me to try Joe's Shanghai and so I made my way out to NYC for them. (Of course, I had other business here). Compared to Din Tai Fung, the dumplings here are not even comparable. In fact, no better than some random Chinese food places I've tried in the interim. Objectively, without comparing them to Din Tai Fung, I would not be impressed with soup dumplings here, and if I tried them for the first time here, I would not even say I like soup dumplings in general. They were fine, but nothing to rave about.  The Shanghai noodles were thicker than I thought they'd be, and really greasy. But they were tasty in the moment. The service at Joe's Shanghai is non-existent. People come to pick up plates once you've cleared them, but you have to flag them down for more water or if you want anything else.  There are pictures along the wall of celebrities who have eaten here, and that makes you feel like you're eating in a really happening spot. But the fame is self-perpetuating and the novelty of it all is really the only reason to seek this place out. The food here is okay, but it's not some sort of wonderful experience that you need to go out of your way for.  Overall, I'm glad I got to try this place out because I would always wonder if I didn't. But I paid for eating here the next day, when I kept having to run out of meetings to go to the bathroom multiple times throughout the day. That has only ever happened to me when I'm overseas, typically in Asia.  Be warned that the food here may mess up your digestive system for a day or two. Though on second thought, if you want a dining experience that approximates what eating in China would be like, then maybe Joe's Shanghai is worth a try after all.	0
This place is a little over hype and popular. The line to get a table can be ridiculous, if I'm going to wait 30 minutes, the food better be freakin amazing. Sometimes this is New York, where dumb people wait a ridiculous long line at places like Shake Shack or Trader Joe's Union Square. The food is good but not great after going through the 30 minute wait.  Service here can be garbage. I called a waiter for a check and he intentionally ignored me and continued to walk his way. My water and tea aren't getting filled when they need to be and the food can take a little longer to come out because there's so many people inside. I've had better, there's too much soup in the xiao long bao/soup dumpling. The crab meat soup dumpling isn't that good, just stick with the classic pork. The only thing I really like here is the singapore pan fried noodle. That's really about it.	0
The waiters are very unfriendly, they just want to done their job. We have to share table with others. The food was good but I was been unhappy by them. Won't go back	0
Well, I tried their small steamed bun in flushing before &amp; it was awesome . However,the food here tasted more slaty &amp; the price is little bit higher than flushing. I felt disappointed . Even though they are the same name of the restaurants, the chefs are different。I don't recommend ppl come here but suggest to go to  the one in Flushing. It's better	0
Joe's Shanghai...the only reason why you guys even get 1 star is because I didn't have a choice because Yelp wouldn't let me continue your review without selecting stars. I will just say, that this place is a major tourist trap. I am a tourist and I do not live in the NYC area, however, I do come around to visit family pretty often. And this, my friends, is how I fell victim to the hype of the glorious Yelp reviews. People, THE HYPE IS NOT REAL. Let's start with the service. At your typical "Chinese" restaurant, there's not much service (I'm Chinese, I totally get it). It is what it is. However, this place has absolutely non-existent service. The server did not say one thing to me. When I was ready to order, he stood there and stared at me with his notepad and pen. So I'm thinking, I guess this is the part where I order. Once we ordered, he just walked away and didn't say anything.  Our food starts to come...Xiao Long Baos and the Shanghai Noodle Soup, but our String Beans came when we finished our food. What the hell am I going to eat with my String Beans? Does this mean you want me to order a cup of your overpriced white rice? That, my friends, I did not do. Also the Xiao Long Baos appeared to have been sitting around for awhile because the skin was dried, and a few of them were popped, so all the soup was flowing out. Also, we sat at a shared table with some French people visiting. When their meal ended, the server walks up to both parties, points at their check/tab and says "Are you done?" while they're trying to figure out our US Currency. Dude, they were trying to get you your money, but you had to be rude about it and say "Give it to me." Yeah...that leaves a good impression for us Americans. And with that, they pretty much rushed me out too. By the way, they automatically charge you 15% tip (no matter how small your party is). They take the food total, plus the 15% tip, then tax that total. Can you say, "Scheming?" When they were clearing out the table, one of the servers drops one of our spoons on the table and splashes some sauce on me. Dude picked up the spoon and walked away. Really? Nothing? Like nothing? You could have said sorry? Umm...guess not. All in all, as I mentioned above, THE HYPE IS NOT REAL. If you ever make it out to SF, check out Kingdom of Dumpling. Joe's Shanghai has NOTHING on Kingdom of Dumpling. Put those two places in one city, and sorry, Joe, you're done and SOL. On a final note, I've had better all around service in Hong Kong, seriously. TAKE YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE!	0
The place is sh*t.  Waiters are rude and barely speak any English.  There are some weird yells from the kitchen all the time.  They don't accept credit cards. The seating is cramped and you have to share table with 9 other people. The place is quite dirty. Food is average. You'd be better off  by going to an other place.	0
2 stars. Maybe 3 if I'm feeling happy.  Not sure what all the fuss is about. Seems to me like a classic case of a lack of options.  You see,  I am taiwanese and come from southern California, so I've had my fair share of din tai fung and the like, both in the motherland and back in La.  Joes does NOT compare. Here's why: The food isn't that good. But I understand that there's not many options in the area for those looking for the authentic Chinese meal.  I ordered the classic dumplings, mixed option, and it came out in a speedy 10 minutes despite the restaurant being packed (I ate alone and sat at a community table with 3 other parties).  The dumplings themselves just looked unappealing. The texture wasn't great and would stick to your mouth,  and the flavor of the meat and juice was average.  Now for the service. Usually I let Asian establishments off the hook for horrible service bc that is just the culture. Knowing that,  I expect some tlc if yelpers give this place a freaking 4 on 2k reviews.  Don't be fooled by the wall of celebrities, they just don't know any better, so you shouldn't either.  That being said,  if you've never had this kind of entree before,  then I'm sure you'll love it as something to set the bar low for the future.  Note: just in case you consider me biased as preferring taiwanese over shanghainese, I don't have any,  and consider myself an American that just loves to eat the best of the best.  And I will say their other dishes looked and smelled good. So take this review for the dumplings only.	0
If you think they serve the best soup dumplings then you haven't had a proper soup dumpling. There are plenty of other establishments in a 3 block radius where you can get better xiao long bao. Don't believe the hype. I think I actually hate this place.	0
Worst dumplings in New York. Soggy bok choy cooked in motor oil. Singapore noodles tasted like the inside of an old jar of curry. The chicken was dry. The shrimps looked like shriveled baby dicks with black veins. Overpriced!	0
Overrated.   Tried their crab and pork dumplings with scallion pancake. Too salty and very greasy.  :/	0
Not sure what the hype is all about.... If you had Ding Tai Fung then you know what I'm talking about. The skin on the dumplings here are TOO THICK. The meat was average. And the soup inside is not as flavorful as DTF's. This place provides a tong to help you remove the dumplings, but I just end up puncturing the darn thing. Better off using your chopsticks. We also ordered some noodles (forget the name of the dish). It was like as if it was going through an identity crisis... it's semi stir fry noodles but as the same time it was sitting in soup.... Wouldn't recommend. Honestly the entire meal was not very memorable. Pretty sure I won't be back.	0
Honestly, this place is a tourist trap. I think their soup dumplings are dry and not as flavourful as I had hoped. I do remember though when I was younger they use to make better ones and it was cheaper. Now it's expensive and overrated. Better off finding a hole in the wall for soup dumpling these days.	0
Okay well I'm a little confused as to how many stars to give so I'm gonna go with 2, and here's why. The food? OUTSTANDING! The service? NONEXISTENT!  And it's BOTH that make for a good restaurant. I read the reviews and the pork soup dumplings didn't seem to ever disappoint. Oh wow were they good. I honestly could have eaten 20 of them by myself. I also ordered the Shanghai Flat noodles. They were probably the best I've ever had. The food, as I said, was excellent. My mom and I were the first guests of the day. We walked in RIIIIGHT at 11 am when they open. Now I understand that when you walk into a restaurant right as it opens, you can sometimes catch a staff off-guard. I assure you this wasn't the case. After being quite rudely told where I could sit, we ordered our food. We received our food in a timely fashion but I guess so did the staff on duty, because the three employees on duty were sitting at a table across the way from us, enjoying their lunch. Apparently enjoying it enough to NOT provide service to their ONLY guests at the time. No refills, no check back, I had to ask for the check.... No service at all.  The icing on the cake... After I cashed out, one of the  employees walked up to me as I was leaving to make sure I left a tip for "service". Yeah that actually happened.  I'll probably never give these fools business again. No matter how amazing I thought the food was.	0
Okay...maybe I was expecting more but honestly if I tell you PF Chang... Yes the chain restaurant... Has fresher spring rolls, you know where I am going with this! Spring rolls were greasy little things, not very fresh. Pass. I live in MKE and gotta say our local Stone Bowel makes a better dumpling and that isn't saying much. They were ok, not great. Pork soup with soft noodle. Seriously buy some ramen at your local grocery store throw some stringy meat in in and call it soup. I love ramen but can buy this for 59 cents at Pick n Save.  Super crowed with locals and tourist mixed. Wasn't horrible but I wouldn't go again.  Derive is pretty bad also. Couple at our table, maybe French were treated so poly and it wasn't a language barrier.	0
What happened Joe Shanghai? This place was delicious in the past but right now I feel like it's greasy chinese food. My crab meat soup dumplings came out cold and it's not as flavorful as it used to be. I prefer my options in Flushing now. My chicken lo mein was VERY OILY and you might as well rename it and called it veggie noodles with extra oil as a topping. I was having trouble finding the chicken pieces. I bumpped into an old friend and decided to have lunch here but now I know to steer clear from this place next time we have a reunion.	0
Food: 4 stars.  Delicious, but really quite the norm in Chinatown. Wait time: 1 star.  Place is packed continuously, but we had to wait 45 min for 2 people.  Service quite slow due to its busy-ness. (Cramped.  Very, very cramped.  I sat next to a pole hugging my left rib.) Expense: 1 star.  Very expensive based on other comparable places in the area.  The dumplings were fine- just not AMAZING, in my opinion.  The other dishes were fine, just pricey; and, they added a 15% auto-gratuity "for our convenience".   Definitely a tourism place.	0
I am completely shocked and perplexed as to how this place has a 4 star yelp status. I thought this place must be good as the first time I tried to get in there was a crowd of people outside (both Chinese and not). I say this because being Asian, we can nip out the good from the bad. There was also a 20 minute minimum waiting time. Homie don't play that... So I got here another time where there was no wait. Weeeeee I was execited.  Well, Joe's is the epitome of a tourist trap. I think 5 people must've said this place was really good, and the sheep of society followed because nothing about this place was extraordinary.  Once inside, if you're not with a large party, expect to sit at a table with a bunch of strangers. Ok, that's fine but now I guess my party and I will order less to accommodate room for other people's food at our table. Service was rushed and they never came back to check if we were good, wanted water, or were still alive at the minimum.  Total dumpling sweatshop factory.  While I agree the soup dumplings are exceptional, as they are super juicy and flavorful, anything outside of that was mediocre to not so good (fried quail, pan fried noodles with shrimp, scallion pancakes, etc.)  I have zero desire to come back here and sit with strangers in a cramped space to eat dumplings.	0
Big lines, big bluster; not so hot. Drawn to Joe's by virtue of it's renowned XLB, was willing to stand in line for an hour despite ample seating at nearby just-as-good Chinese joints.  Bad call. XLB came piping hot, but dumpling skins were thicker here, and overall larger than their Din Tai Fung (and even Boston's Gourmet Dumpling House) counterparts.  Pork dumpling was certainly better than the pork/crab - as it is everywhere.  While okay hot, dumplings were nearly inedible when they cooled. Other food is forgettable.  Crispy fried whole bass came with a sweet and sour spicy sauce.  Who puts sweet sauce on fish?  Fortunately, fish smelled fresh, and was otherwise a reasonable adventure. There are better places for tourist food.  Go there instead.	0
GREASY GREASY GREASY GREASY  The only reason this spot got two stars is because of the soup dumplings, they are indeed tasty.  Besides the dumplings, we ordered the scallion pancakes, chicken with rice cakes and pork with crispy noodles.   We were greased out after the dumplings and scallion pancakes and a few bites of the crispy noodles.  The MSG was overwhelming &amp; it literally took 3 beers to finish the meal.   To top it off the female host/seater was extremely rude.  However, the wait staff was extremely attentive and fast.   Decor was drab and "chinatown dirty", meaning its only acceptable in Chinatown.  Feels almost like a tourist trap I would only return for the soup dumplings	0
Check your bill before you leave. We got the XLB ($5.95), Scallion Pancake ($2.95), Shanghai Fried Flat Noodle ($8.95) and seasonal veggies (market price), and somehow the bill with tax and tip was $39.33.   That means our seasonal veggies were $15 or somewhere there, or that these guys scammed us.   And they rushed us out, standing and staring at us until we left.  It was very stressful, and that's why we saw a total and put down $40, and they had the audacity to ask if we wanted change.  HELL yes, if you already put 15% on my bill, I should get my change.  You pretty much are asking if I'd like to tip more than 15% for your bad service.  They should automatically give me the change Btw - the Shanghai Fried Flat Noodles weren't flat - they were udon-like. And some girls at our communal table put down short of 50 cents, and the waiter told them it wasn't enough.  Are you serious?  If you include tip, and tip is OPTIONAL, then they should be able to be short the 50 cents. I'm just so unhappy with this experience.  But a learning experience it was. I'll only be back for the XLB, lesson learned.	0
Recommended by colleagues- Came here with very high hopes - left very disappointed. Not bad just not very good.  There are definitely much better alternatives if your venturing to China town.	0
What is the mass hysteria about this place. It's just another Chinatown restaurant that caters a dumbed down menu to a public who doesn't know any better. The soup dumplings lacked depth of flavor and juiciness. There is better to be had to Brooklyn from past experience.  Not saying the food tasted bad, it was just a gimmick rather than anything overly authentic. Tired of this sort of BS across New York. Next.	0
Wow totally disappointed.  After Yelping the best Chinese in Chinatown, this place came highly rated. When we arrived at 4pm there was already an 45 minute wait.  We thought that was a good sign.  Found the dumplings bland.  Pork, flavor non-existant.   Crab, only taste crab no subtlety of flavor.  Ordered the braised pork shoulder, was hoping for Shanghai Pork Chops, did not see them on the menu.  Before me was placed an uncarved, non trimmed monstrosity on a bed of Spinach and brown sauce.  After trimming off the inch of fat there was maybe a serving and a half of eatable pork.  Spinach and brown Sauce were good.  Orange beef was decent.  Spicy green beans were bland no seasoning.  Should have known as the number of Ethnic Chinese eating there were vastly outnumbered by the Tourists (including myself).	0
Joe's was SO disappointing!  I was surprised my foodie friends said that was their favorite and comparable to Din Tai Fung in Arcadia, CA.  I don't mind the location; I don't mind the lines; I don't mind sharing a table with strangers.  I DO mind flavorless, oily soup dumplings. The skin was thicker than I'd have liked.  The soup inside was more fat than broth and the meat was forgettable.  Ok, I'm ragging on their dumplings, which was disappointing after all the hype, but the other food was pretty good.  The hot and sour soup wasn't bad.  The pan friend potstickers were meh.  The beef noodle soup was AWESOME as are the cold sesame noodles, which had the perfect "bouncy" texture when you chew it. The prices are also something to rave about.  Between 5 of us, we ordered 5 baskets of XLB, 1 crab XLB, hot and sour soup, beef noodles, sesame noodles,  and pot stickers for a grand total of around $80 including tax. Overall, I'm glad they weren't that good since NY is much farther than a simple 6 hr drive to Din Tai Fung in LA for me. ;)	0
Imagine the soul-crushing disappointment when you bite into a delectable xiao long bao, only to discover that all the soup has leaked out. This happened to at least HALF of our soup dumplings, even before we touched them. The first one I picked up had a hole in the bottom and I quickly ate it to salvage what soup was left. We were not so fortunate with the others, which were also broken and had leaked all of the soup by the time we got to them. I guess we should just count ourselves lucky that we had three that were actually intact. If we hadn't been so unfortunate, I would have rated Joe's Shanghai higher. However, the xiao long bao is the main draw here! You should at least get that right.	0
A complete tourist trap in Chinatown.  Would definitely never go to again.   To start off I found the staff to be rather pushy and not hospitable at all.  Instead of feeling welcome here, I felt like my group was being rushed in and out as soon as possible.   Next, the food is completely lackluster and just doesn't taste that good.   I had the tofu, shrimp, and diced pork.  It was supposed to be spicy --- it wasn't in any way, shape, or form.   Instead it was completely bland and boring.... and for some reason it had peas in it.   I really don't understand that. The signature dish here is the soup filled dumplings ... these are ok ... but I can't imagine any reason to justify sitting outside in a line waiting to get inside to have some.  At the end of the day, I would rather just have a normal bowl of Chinese soup with dumplings on the side.  You can find soup and good dumplings at a million other restaurants in chinatown.  Having the broth inside the dumpling loses its allure rather quickly.  Finally - they don't take credit cards and they automatically add the tip into your bill.  Neither scenario are ones that I appreciate.  Keep both in mind please when ordering. If you want really good Chinese food, I would highly recommend walking around the corner from here and checking out the Hop Shing located at 9 Chatham Square.   There you will find real Chinese food --- the way the Chinese like it.  (For what its worth -- the majority of people at Joe's Shanghai were not Chinese -- the majority at Hop Shing always are -- that should tell you something) Waiting to get into this Joe's Shanghai just makes no sense to me.  I will not be back.	0
TERRIBLE VISIT!  The servers are very disrespectful.. And the quality of the food is just not even presentable anymore. The noodles are burnt, and the soup dumplings are barely hot. The price that you pay for the amount of food is not even worth it. Let's come to conclusion, JOES SHANGHAI is one of the worst, and most over rated soup dumpling place. Everyone needs to realize that the amount you pay here isn't worth it anymore!	0
They require cash only, but they charge us with tax. And the service is horrible!! I don't think the price matches my experience.	0
I've been here a couple times before and really enjoyed it... After revisiting this place I will never go back again. What a disappointment. The worst part of the meal were the boiled pork dumplings. They looked and tasted like shriveled balls, I almost vomited after managing to gag it down. This place has good reviews for soup dumplings. NO WAY! They were frozen dumplings that were microwaved. Gross. The bok choy ( the seasonal vegetable) was sitting in a bed of gasoline, soggy as hell.. Also ordered them spicy and they were mild and stringy. Singapore noodles had the most gnarly shrimps with black veins. Also Singapore noodles should be spicy and they were not. The sesame chicken was the only edible thing... And they were mediocre at best. This place is overpriced and a sham.	0
You come here bc you don't know pork dumpling soup from the waiter's elbow. You come here bc you want to introduce your non Asian bf to Chinese food. You come here bc you're Asian and want to be ironically surrounded by non Asians in Chinatown. You come here bc it's dirt cheap.	0
This place was a huge disappointment. I've been several times before and I expected to sit with strangers and have rushed service, but the outdid themselves this time. We started with the scallion pancakes and then followed with 2 orders of pork soup dumplings and 2 orders of crab-pork soup dumplings. We ordered long before our neighbors, but they just presented us with 1 order of pork soup dumplings while our neighbors got 2 orders of crab soup dumplings they did not order. I asked the waiter if it was ours, but he said our order was coming. We finished our order and the waiter came over and said that's all right? I said NO, we still have 3 orders left. His English was so poor, I wasted about 5 minutes trying to explain to him I only got 1 order of soup dumplings so far. He disagreed with me and tried to make me pay for 4 orders when we only got 1. My neighbor had an allergic reaction to the crab because he thought it was pork. And that's when the very intelligent server realized that he gave them the wrong order he just took it away half eaten and gave them a free serving of soup dumplings too trying to make it up to them. I will be going elsewhere for soup dumplings from now on. I think it was a huge violation to serve my neighbor something is is allergic to.	0
The food was not bad in this china town restaurant. The waiters are rude, but in a really cool way. I tried ordering several different dumplings and they wouldn't allow it. He said it was too much. The only reason I gave it two stars, was for the cleanliness, it was pretty bad. I used the bathroom after I finished my meal and had I gone prior to ordering, I would have walked out.	0
After years of wanting to check this place out, I finally did so and unfortunately found it pretty lacking. First, the soup dumplings, what they are known for. Not soupy and I'm guessing the top of the dumpling should not be dried out and hard. Disappointing. We also had some cold meat dishes and found them pretty mediocre and a little salty. The shredded turnip cake and pea shoots were quite good, however. Lastly, the prices are a little high for china town and the place is very cramped. It seems they have gotten a little complacent and I hope they can get back to what earned them such a high rating in the first place.	0
Soup dumplings were good but not worth the terrible service we received. Didn't ask if we needed water or anything! They know the service sucks so they add a 15% tip to your bill regardless of your party size.	0
I had high expectations for this restaurant based other's experiences.  In particular,  my companion had wonderful past experiences here so I was excited. However, my experience was a disappointing.  The quality of the was food okay as it did not taste any different than dishes at other Chinese restaurants at which I have dined. Thus, other than family style seating that works well for the restaurant, nothing set it apart as great. The quality of the service can improve; while taking our order the waiter began a conversation with a co-worker, which I thought was rude.  In general the wait-staff seemed disinterested in the customers. Whether it is a cultural dynamic that I do not comprehend or not, the adage of when in Rome has value for any business. Later in the evening I went to the bathroom preceded by an employee.  The person was in the bathroom for quite a while and I did not hear water running for hand-washing prior to exit. This is just my experience and I certainly do not wish to dissuade anyone from trying as it may be a wonderful for you.	0
This place is a total joke. Wish I could give them negative 100 stars.  They force you to share a table with random people. Well you might want to say this is NY style. I understand. This is not the first time I share the table with strangers. So I get the idea that they want to use the small place most efficiently. But the point is it was half empty during our entire meal. I saw a couple of pics of celebrities who visited here on the wall. I guess you need to be at least one of them to dare to ask for a table for your own at this place. The waiters were also rude.(honestly, the rudest service I've ever experienced in my life) 15% tip is automatically added to the bill so no one actually cares about their service. I asked some questions about their menu and I was totally ignored. SERIOULY. TOTALLY ignored. The waiter was just looking at me as if I'm carrying some serious viruses or something. There is a reason why they charge a mandatory tip. Otherwise no one will leave a single penny.  The worst part is that the food wasn't that great and me and my mom had stomach aches and needed to go to the restroom 10+ times. They should either improve their service skill to serve this mediocre food or improve their cooking skill to maintain their rudest service.	0
I use to love this place because it was such a tourist destination. It's been years since I've been here and the service still sucks. For sure I'm not here for their service. I'm here for the famous xiao long bao...so good! Since my family came to visit we decided to go to Joe, the famous xiao long bao is not as good as it use to!! I'm sure in NYC there are plenty of awesome hole in the wall places. Definitely wouldn't recommend this place. But of course they have set their name as a tourist attraction place. "Must go!" There service is still awesomely suck!!! What restaurant have a service charge of 15% for just three people?!? If we didn't look carefully to that we would of double tip them a suck ass service. NOW THAT IS SOMETHING I DONT CARE FOR RESTAURANT TO DO! Service charge should be included if the party if greater than 6 people.	0
2nd night in the Big Apple and after a disappointing 1st night dinner we wanted to try the best they can offer in Chinatown.  Check yelp and this place have an outstanding review.  When we got there the wait is an hour.  And bec there were about 50 people waiting in line to get in, we decided to wait and give this place a try.  Xiao long bao or soup dumpling was our main purpose and this is our favorite food and boy oh boy what a big disappointment.    The taste is   bland.  Most of the customer have to share table with strangers which I don't mind if the food is worth it.  Hing Kee in Chinatown Chicago has better Xiao long bao or soup dumpling.  Their other food are ok and nothing special.  What makes their food taste better is bec of the MSG.  You'll know because an hour after eating you will be very thirsty even though you had already drank a lot of water.  Beware you've been warned.	0
Jesus christ , I have no idea how this place got so famous. The food here is quite bad, and they sure do use a lot of rubber bands in their food. Yes I know they're not rubber bands but they sure do look, feel, and taste like it. There are other ways to make that stuff without it being so... so rubber bandy. I would give this place one star as they are rather pricey as well, BUT they do have good soup dumplings and I am aware that's the main attraction. But that's my tip, only get the soup dumplings, just about everything else sucks.	0
Came here for the soup dumplings. Got mapo tofu, eggplant, and rice wine dumplings too. The soup dumplings (we got pork and crab) were okay. I've had better (though I've also been to Shanghai, so maybe my standards are out of wack) Mapo tofu, eggplant, meh. Rice wine dumplings were the worst I've ever had. I was definitely underwhelmed. And they didn't even have good service to make up for it.	0
2.5 - even 3 stars. (Rounded down for uncleanliness and notably bad service.) Alright, so I ended up coming here for at least an unexpected third time after my last review. For some reason, everyone in NYC just seems to want to visit this place?? A friend and I were around the area (in SoHo/Nolita), and we were deciding between Lombardi's Pizza or Joe's Shanghai (we had been to both already). She seemed to prefer Joe's Shanghai for the price...so I went along with it with little fuss...although as my previous review suggests, I'm not the biggest fan of the place. Haha.  I don't remember there being much of a wait for the two of us. But this was the first time I had to share a large table with two (actually, I think three) other parties. Another time I was with one friend, and I guess we were lucky to get a table for two. Anyway, this time around, friend and I were the only two Asians on a large, circular table with a couple of white European tourists, and out of towners. There was one particularly obnoxious man who throughout the meal insisted that he knew all the best things to order on the menu, as if everyone around him wanted his "expertise." This guy went on forever...literally throughout the meal...which made my dumplings even harder to digest...friend and I just could not get over how ridiculous this guy was. And he recommended random fish dishes instead of the dumplings...  Anyway, seating like that is just another reason to avoid this place. It is also so dirty and grimy (even for Asian restaurant standards) that I would not bring my Chinese family here... And especially considering all the other options around, there is little reason (other than the very inexpensive price) to come here. Not to mention, the oily, grimy-textured dumplings didn't sit too well this time around with my friend's stomach...	0
I think this will be my last visit to Joes. The skin of the soup dumplings are thinner and theres a lot of soup... only plus. Do not try the pan fried noodles! The noodles look and taste like styrofoam and the sauce makes it worse.	0
Soup dumplings were just okay... Some had absolute no soup some had... The reason why I gave them 1 star is because the waiters were absolutely obnoxious. Can not believe how rude they were. Would not comeback here again.	0
Let me preface that I am a pescatarian. That isn't the best fit for Chinese food. Especially a place that is authentic and specializes in soup which I doubt has a vegetarian base. (Never have visited China, I *think* this place is pretty authentic, but I can't say for 100% certainty.)  Oh, and Joe's ONLY TAKES CASH. So come prepared. Anyway, I get nervous eating at Chinese restaurants that aren't Americanized because I don't know what has pork or beef in it, even if its under the "Vegetables" section. So, my sis and I were in Chinatown and found Joe's Shanghai on Yelp and thought we'd give it a try. It was the middle of a weekday at lunch, so there was no wait to get in. I ordered the Vegetable Pan Fried Noodles and she got the Pork Mu Shu. We sat at a round table with other guests and made good friends with the guy sitting next to us. My sis shared her Mu Shu with him, and she had some of his Kung Pao Chicken. They both loved their meals. Me? Not so much.  The Noodles were sooooo greasy. When I bit into the noodles, I could feel the grease coating my mouth. The sauce was unbelievably greasy as well, and left this shimmering film all over the bottom of the plate.  The tofu in the dish was firm tofu but it wasn't cooked enough, so it had a crumbly texture rather than the soft insides that a well-cooked tofu should have.   My sis went to use the restroom...I didn't dare. She came back and said I should stay away. I didn't ask for details, and didn't care to experience that horror show.    I was not a fan of Joe's...but because my sis liked it and our new friend next to us liked it as well, I'm giving it 2 stars vs. just the 1 star I would have based on my meal.	0
Terrible service The waiter who worked on Tue Oct 7th 2014 didn't seem to know what he was doing. There was no line to be seated but we waited 5 minutes to get the attention from the waiter and still he said "One minute" which led to another 5 minutes. Then the owner came to show us the table. The waiter noticed this and told us he'll be with us with the menus shortly. Then he took orders from other tables without giving us the menu. If he had given us the menus then took orders from other tables, we would have decided on the menu while he was taking orders.  We thought we had enough of this waiter's incompetence and left.	0
I visited last week with a group of my friends on a Sunday afternoon. It was almost empty - about 3 or 4 tables maybe?  Food was okay, but definitely not 4.5 stars. Service? This is the reason why I'm giving one star review. During the middle of our meal, we asked for coke to reduce the greasiness of the pastas. But bartender and the waiter used foul words in SPANISH audible enough for us to hear. Funny thing is that we were a group of 4 Asian people, but we were with this girl who was born and raised in Latin America.  We asked for a coke and they curse at us in language that we won't understand?? Cmon.  All you people giving high rating for their service should be careful. They might be smiling at you AND cursing at the same time in words that you don't understand. Food wasn't even that great either. Just average. Service made it worse. The bill came out to be around 25 per person after 4 pasta dishes and 2 desserts. Yes, I hope your staffs learned their lesson not to curse in front of customers. If anything, do it in the kitchen please. Btw, we still tipped.	0
I have no idea how this place got 4.5 stars but the pappardelle which appears to be widely reviewed has zero flavor and the presentation of a fly by night Indian delivery spot.  The wine selection appears to consist of four varietals of two buck chuck, and they lack any semblance of a bar or mixology options.  The service is great though. I don't often write reviews but I feel that it would be a disservice to the Yelp community if I didnt reveal how substandard this establishment is, especially considering the glowing reviews which led our 11 person party here. For comparison sake, I have diner at multiple Michelin star establishments and visit Babbo and Momofuku everytime I am in town.	0
At first I wasn't sure of whether or not to write/post this review, but my intent isn't to be hurtful, just honest about my experience.   I chose the restaurant yesterday for an early dinner because of the fantastic reviews.  That being said, I would give the food itself 2.5/3 stars.   They offered complimentary bread which I always think is a nice gesture with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  Bread was a little stale, but I didn't come for the bread.  I ordered the penne tre porcellini and my boyfriend ordered the fettuccine with wild mushrooms and truffle oil.  Both were average.  Not amazing and not terrible.  We expected more, but we didn't order the specials and maybe other things on the menu are more delicious.  Who knows.   The real reason this review gets a 1 star and not a 3 is because of what happened AFTER our meal.  I went to use the restroom and locked the door.  I don't know what happened, but the lock didn't press all the way down and someone tried to use the restroom while I was inside and I said: "No, no, don't come in."  Nothing happened, I didn't see anyone, the door was promptly shut, but I did hear the chef? or one of the employees shouting and going on a tirade in front of everyone: "SOME PEOPLE DON'T KNOW HOW TO USE LOCKS! etc"  This is not a huge deal, I was a little embarrassed, but it's life and small stupid things happen and I can see the humor in the situation.  After I wash my hands and exit, I see some of the other diners staring at me and I just go up to the waitstaff and say: "I'm sorry but there might be a small issue with the lock, I pressed it down and thought it locked, but maybe it's just not going down all the way."  To which the chef/employee SHOUTS back at me that "No there's no problem with the door, you just don't know how to use a lock and saying again how some people just don't know how to use locks.  His tone of voice and manner is just incredibly insulting.   Anyway, I let it go and just leave, because why? Some people aren't worth it. My boyfriend at this point who has been waiting for me at the front door walks over to him (despite me saying no, don't engage this man) and confronts the guy about his behavior towards me and tells him not to speak to me this way and that it's inappropriate.  The guy mutters a little bit and makes an excuse to which my boyfriend replies, "Horseshit."  At this point, the guy totally loses it and yells at both of us (in front of all of the other diners) about our behavior (!?) and we just leave because ENOUGH ALREADY.   At that point, we're outside and decide that the food is mediocre and we're never coming here again.  We're not even 10 feet away from Pepe Rosso when the guy comes running out of the restaurant and begins shouting at us.  He "sincerely apologizes" to me for being rude or causing offense and then THREATENS my boyfriend for confronting him and telling him that they could go duke it out somewhere.   WHAT? No. While I may not have been careful enough locking the door, speaking to me in the manner I was spoken to was not ok, and threatening my boyfriend for standing up for me was even less acceptable.  Threats are not a good business practice.   That being said, the waiter and some of the wait staff that attended to us were polite and attentive.  But to fellow diners: There are better places in this neighborhood to go for both food and customer service.	0
How big an Italian family does this place have that it has this many super positive reviews?  Way off base yelp. Really disappointing pasta. Not just mine but also all the others at the table. Even the coffee is just ok. Can only assume atmosphere is AMAZING at night and that's what was missing for us as the experience start to finish was subpar. Do not bother with the trip. Many many way better Italians in and out of the city	0
I came, I ate, and I wondered. How did this place get such good reviews? Kind of a head scratcher, maybe I came at the wrong time (a Saturday night). We got the buffalo mozzarella appetizer, which wasn't worth getting. The cheese was decent, but it was basically something I could just buy at Trader Joe's. My wife got the penne vodka and it was completely bland. She didn't even want to finish it or take it home. We can make better pasta at home with store bought sauce, and I'm not exaggerating at all. I got the roasted branzino, which was decent, but still more or less bland.  So as we sat there, disappointed and wondering how Yelp had failed us, we saw the chef come out of the kitchen. Someone complimented him by saying that they liked his food, and he just said " I know. I'm good". Pretty arrogant on his part, he didn't even thank the person for the compliment. It was also confusing that he even got a compliment in the first place! Who knows, maybe I came on an off day. Maybe the cooks were having a bad day, I don't know. I don't get it and I've given up on trying to understand. I probably won't be back though, there are better places who deserve my money.	0
So bland. Ox tail ragu, and spaghetti.  I wanted to like it buy boyfriend and I just could.	0
Pretty disappointed. Read the reviews, saw the ratings and bypassed several places along the way. Bread was stale (even out 7 year olds asked if it was old bread) Pasta was chewy, which makes sense since they told me it is all pre-prepared. We wanted to add pancetta to some spaghetti and they just couldn't handle it. No kids drinks, other than soda, no kids menu. Atmosphere was relaxed and casual, which was nice. Service was ok, right on average I'd say, nothing to criticize, nothing to write home about.  Overall, very so so, not worth their rating in our opinion.	0
the spaghetti was undercooked. The tomato sauce was tasteless. There were only two shrimps in the dish tho it was called 'seafood pasta'.	0
I only write reviews when something is really bad or really good. In this case Pepe Rosso Social was really bad Bland food all around, soggy pasta and less than pleasant service. Felt like I was a tourist in my own town. Started with $10 for a bad glass of wine in a dirty glass followed by $12 for soggy + bland rigotoni. My friend had salmon that was way undercooked (looked like sushi inside). When she said something there was nothing but attitude in return. So many better neighborhood spots to go to that get it. Frank, Sauce, even Bread. Though not a favorite, I'd say Lil' Frankies is better too. Can't understand how this could be the top rate italian place. Goes to show can't really trust Yelp anymore.	0
Please don't go here if you're passing through looking to try a taste of little Italy. Food is extremely bland. Yes it's cheap but for slightly more you could get waaaaaaay better Italian. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.	0
I'm a perennial 4+ star review giver, but Im shocked this place gets 5... Came there with one person, they wouldnt let us make reservations. No problem, we found a table, ordered a $10 glass of wine that tasted worse than $10 bottles of wines, ok thats fine. Then we took the server's recommendation and ordered their most popular special: black linguine with crab meat and mussels for $19. Honestly, it wasn't very tasty. I love crab meat and mussels, their crab meat was bland and nearly non existent, and their mussels were off-putting. Certainly not a dish worthy of its price tag... I will say the server was nice and the ambience was all right and give this place 3 or 4 stars...but then right after paying and tipping way more than I should have, my friend and I were continuing our conversation and letting our food digest. 10 seconds after picking up the check, the server KICKED US OUT AND SET WE CAN'T STAY UNLESS WE ORDER MORE FOOD!! I mean what the hell, half the reason you go to a restaurant is to enjoy good conversation, but this damn place is obsessed with turnover. I mean if we were staying 15-20 min after our meal on a busy night ok, but literally RIGHT AFTER I SIGNED AND PAID?!?  Save your money and enjoy better food and service by going to Emporio's up the street...this place blows	0
Literally I thought when I left Los Angeles the food would be better. I can't even believe I'm giving this place a star. First of all do they even know what service is? We had like three different waiters and they all sucked. They brought me "coke" which was obviously Pepsi considering the fact that I AM FROM ATL AND I KNOW. Like don't even fucking try my life like that ever again. It was weird that their pizza was so small even though it's an antipasti, and not only that but it was burned. Like no. And also the lasagna was as salty as a mermaids asshole. I'm also really confused as to trained the waiters btw. Because they started cleaning up the table as I was finishing my food. Real cute. Never coming here ever again.	0
First time in Little Italy and was really hoping for good Italian food so based on the ratings I decided to give this place a shot. For aps I ordered the Olives &amp; Cheese ($10) - very limited on cheese types and felt very brittle...didn't feel right for the price. Ordered the Salmon w/quinoa salad and asparagus ($16) - quinoa felt subpar and needed to squeeze out the lemon that was provided to give it a good taste. Not coming back.	0
The place is small and quaint.  Waiteress was very nice.   However, the cook must have had a bad day. We asked if they would warm the bread and he said no.  We ask if we could also have a little butter with the bread, answer was no.  So sitting there, I wondered what else can I  expect.  The food was definitely bland, especially the pasta.  The pork sirlon was cold.  We did not mention anything only because of the initial request just for the bread.  We ate and it just because we were hungry and I had skipped lunch just to go there after work.  Sorry, but will not return.	0
THE WORST ITALIAN FOOD I HAVE HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE. I ordered the penne italia with shrimp, there was no sauce, the pasta was dry and undercooked. My friend got the eggplant pasta and she couldn't eat it because it was too salty. The worst experience ever. STAY AWAY!	0
I decided to come here based on the hype of friends and Yelpers showing an overwhelming outpouring of support for this establishment. The first question I have is: Did I come to the same taqueria everyone else went to?  I'm going to be one of the outliers here and unfortunately, go against the grain. Perhaps some of the blame should be on me for coming here on a dismal thunderstorm-y evening of 7/14, but I caught them at 8:30pm on a Monday (some time after a Yelp event in nearby West Village), and they were absolutely not on their game. I'd ordered a horchata, a carne asada quesadilla, and an adobada taco and sadly, none of which satisfied my palate.  Both were soggy, dripping and flavorless.  Upon picking up the taco, a stream of water came pouring out. 0-for-1. (I have a witness that swears by it and loves Los Taco No.1) Ok, maybe that was an aberration.... I picked up the open face quesadilla (yes, it looks more like a giant taco... They DO know how to fold things in half, don't they?) and still it fell apart before my very eyes and hands, a sloppy mess, one which I had to eat with a fork.  Not going well I'm afraid. 0-for-2. If that were not an indictment, the third strike goes to flavor. It was simply bland beyond words.  I had expected savory and flavorful and my tastebuds were bereft of that small pleasure tonight. 0-for-3. To add to my misery after paying for this experience, I also had to hunt for seating somewhere or eat fashionably at the pickup counter.  Luckily, found a table outside after standing some five minutes or so. Even (name-your-baseball-player) has bad nights so I'll give them another chance, however, as it stands, the experience earns them two stars.	0
I was super stoked to finally Los Tacos No. 1, thinking they would be one of the best tacos I've ever had. I was saving my stomach for a lobster roll so I only tried the pollo. It tasted just like another taco... I think I've had better tacos off of taco trucks and at restaurants, plus it was it was sort of pricey for one taco.	0
As much as I wanted to love this place, 1st impressions are everything and mine was not good. First, I understood after reading reviews there were no seats, but seriously this was ridiculous. First of all you pay for your order only to find out you have to fight your way through people standing and eating at the counter to give your ticket to a cook. It's super disorganized and seems like you have to fight through to get the food you already paid for. Then the cook messed up and gave my husband's order with guacamole on it which he does not like. I told the cook guy I wanted guacamole on mine, and he got all huffy and said mine had it on there. But seriously there was no guacamole on it, I just think he was annoyed with us.  The food itself was pretty good but really overpriced, the tacos should be $2 for how tiny they are. The chips and salsa overpriced for a tiny bag of chips and salsa so hot it hurts your hand to hold. I loved peaking at all the condiments at the counter, dreaming of using them but knowing I'd have to elbow my way in amongst people eating a meal to get any. So no, I'm not a fan. You may have ok tacos Los Tacos but you short changed my guacamole and experience. Not worth it.	0
I'm a little afraid to write this review. With all the 4- and 5-star reviews, how can I give Los Tacos only a 2-star review? Well.... The tortilla is thin. It ripped once I picked it up. The meat is dry - both the adobada (pork) and pollo asado (chicken). The flavor is a little underwhelming and the texture is inconsistent. Some pieces were meaty and some pieces were a little like jerky.  Understandably, I went at 8pm during a 9pm closing day. Perhaps because it was near closing time, the food wasn't the same caliber as it would be during the lunch and dinner rush. But an establishment shouldn't let that affect the quality of the food.  For a spot that boasts to be No. 1, they sure didn't serve No. 1 food.	0
Almost 4 dollars for a taco that could only feed a Keebler Elf. Are you guys serious? Their shakes are good, however.	0
I REALLY wanted to give this place 5 stars, and honestly I came here expecting it to be easy to do so given I've recently been obsessed with tacos. However, I was pretty disappointed - overall food was average, it was a pain in the butt to find any place to eat (although I recognize that's no fault of the shop because it's in Chelsea Market), and the experience wasn't phenomenal by any means. I got the steak and adobada tacos. They were pretty average. I liked how the meat was grilled fresh on the spot, and there was a good amount of meat-to-tortilla ratio, but actually the steak tasted a bit funky (wonder if it was bad?). The guac sauce they put on the taco was watery, relatively tasteless, and just spilled everywhere, making it a pretty messy taco meal. I sort of wish they just got rid of it all together rather than set the expectation of having anything related to guac. And especially because there was no place to eat and Chelsea Market was packed, by the time we found a place to sit, the tacos weren't piping hot. I did like the add-ons they provided in those molcajetes, especially the sauces. The hot sauce was amazing, and I also liked how they had whole red chilis.	0
I went there yesterday and it was awful there were a lot of people waiting, horrible service... one of guy there started to be rude just because we didn't understand him when he asked about which kind of tortilla we wanted....Tacos are good I mean like real Mexican ones but not so spacial for wait 30 min for your food and horrible costumer service.	0
WARNING: GLUTEN FREE NOT GLUTEN FREE. YES! After two visits, I agree these are the BEST TACOS in New York.  Amazing.   However--Twice now I've had to dash off to a public bathroom (thanks Manhattan Ministorage!)  after eating their "GLUTEN-FREE" CORN TORTILLAS.  The sign says one thing, my body says another.  What gives?  I can eat tacos from the taco truck on 14th and 8th ave with no problems.  Could it be they share the same processing equipment with flour products?	0
Very disappointed.  Made reservation for three and received a small table in the corner. When I asked them to squeeze another table. Their response was that they have another party with a big group. I told them I made reservations  and I should receive a bigger table but they did not accommodate at all. If it wasn't a valentine day weekend I would have gone up and went to another place. Would not be back again	0
I recently watched Jon Favreau's "Chef" which was essentially a 90-minute hardcore session of food porn (and I mean that in the best way possible). The residual impact of that experience is that I was left with a deep craving for Cuban sandwiches and other tantalizing delicacies from the area. So a friend's birthday at Havana Social seems like a good way to satisfy me, right? Well, maybe not quite. Havana Social is brand new, so maybe they just need some more time to work through their growing pains, but the food wasn't quite enough to keep my craving at bay. Fortunately, the experience as a whole was pretty solid thanks to great service. The highlight of the meal was the complimentary mini mac n' cheese empanadas that kicked it off. Aside from the fact that it came as very pleasant surprise, these bite-sized morsels were nicely flavored and also had the benefit of making you feel like a giant. The regular shredded chicken empanada was great as well, so it seems that they've pretty much nailed down this whole stuffed pastry thing. The rest of the food was more hit-or-miss. The guacamole was a little on the bland side, but the texture was on point. The calamari was drenched in a thick, sweet sauce which masked the taste of the calamari of itself... maybe on purpose? The paella was good, but it was a little disappointing to see a couple of dead mussels thrown into the mix. The decision to serve some of their entrees in bento boxes (yes, the same boxes you get at Japanese restaurants) is interesting, but the chicken lacked seasoning and was a bit dry. On the other hand, the pernil was tender and juicy, and easily the best thing I tried post-empanada. Fortunately, the service at Havana Social was top notch. The entire staff is attentive and accommodating, and they greet you with a friendly smile. The restaurant may not be exactly where it needs to be right now, but it does have potential since I sense there's an urge to come up with more creative dishes in the kitchen. But until then, there's quite some room for improvement.	0
waitress to impatience for us to keep ordering, I was half way my plate and she asked me if i was done as i was taking a 3 min break in my conversation lol its funny but umpleasent, i dont think i will come back here, food was ok, drinks ok, prices a bit high for the place, service and food.  Btw, place was really small and tables are basically on top of each other, you can easily get into other peoples conversation. hate that!	0
Portions are too small.  I am sorry I don't think that any Hispanic restaurant should be allowed to serve portions this small.  Its not sushi people! These are not delicate foods that are being served.  These aren't artisanal cuts or organic produce.   Plaintains cost like 50 cents why are they giving me like 10 cents worth of plantain for $10.   I don't get it!  I'm far from cheap and will spend money on a bill with no problem but seriously this place is a problem!!!  It does have a nice ambiance though and does have great tasting drinks. But I would never travel more than 6 minutes to go here though.  If your lazy and live in the area than go here.	0
We arrived with out a reservation - we were told 20-45 minutes - 1.5hours later no food	0
My party made reservations thru open table ... Arrived exactly on time and upon checking was rudely advised we had no reservation, I was a bit taken back by the rudeness of the hostess and showed her my confirmation on my phone and she said it didn't matter we had no reservation and turned her screen to show me.  She then said rudely she would see about a table and came back to say she would have a table when the guests that just placed their entire order were finished and pointed at a table.  It was apparent they believe they do not need new patrons and so we walked out and spent our money with an establishment that was pleased to welcome us.	0
Don't get me wrong....the food was delicious....we had the empanada appetizer and it was really good. I got the pork which was decent but a little dry. Once I got some sauce for it, it was much better. The best thing on my plate though was the plantains. They were carmalized perfectly and just generally well prepared. My friend got the chicken. They warned us that it would take half an hour. Problem was, once we got it, it wasn't worth the wait. Waiting was a theme at this spot. We were running very late for our reservation after our show ran long but they still accomodated us which was nice. But the customer service really ended there. I had to ask several times for the drink I ordered, had to ask for silverware, and ask another server to find ours more than once. When I wanted to ask the server for sauce, I saw her at the other end of the restaraunt (the space is small) and she was sitting down at a table. The experience was pretty annoying and overshadowed the good food for me. I'm not likely to return.	0
Attempted to come here a few weeks ago, but I won't be back.  I made a reservation the day prior and on the day of somebody from the restaurant called me to confirm the reservation.  I missed the call but called back about 30 mins later to confirm our reservation; the same lady picked up and I thought all was set.  Went to the restaurant that night and the host told us that they gave up our table and we would have to wait over an hour since we "never called back to confirm the reservation."  We tried to reason with the host which only led to him giving us some lip.  I couldn't believe we were getting lectured by this host.  I would have appreciated it if the restaurant owned up to its mistake of overbooking instead of accusing me of the error.  I wanted to show the host my call history from my cellphone just to prove I called to confirm, but realized I called from my office land-line.  After this, we walked out and went to another restaurant in the area.	0
Its a cute coffee spot in the middle of Tribeca, nice place to just and relax for a bit, nice staff, average coffee but the food.....been pretty disappointed with the last few things I'be gotten from there: oat meal was literally uncooked, with a cold poached pair in the middle; huevos rancheros was served with cold poached eggs (like it had been sitting in the fridge pre made for hours!) chicken soup was much too oily, there was no broth, just oil! Then we ordered a chicken sandwich which was also coated, dripping in the same oil. Sorry, but not coming back here again.	0
I purchased a few items based on all the good reviews, but I was very disappointed.   I can only imagine that people's standards are really low because I found the coffee to be terrible as were the three food items I purchased.   I even returned one (the cauliflower tahini sandwich) because it was inedible.  I don't know what they were thinking when they made that.   The salmon bialy was poorly made as is the poached egg salad with tuna.   I could really go on quite a bit about all that.   The one thing I can say in Gotan's favor is that they gave me a credit for the sandwich without any hassle and the people who work there are very friendly.....it's a nice atmosphere as well although I preferred the old place (Pecan) that was a bit more relaxed.	0
Cute little place. A bit noisy so be prepared to yell to be heard.  The food was good. I had the lamb chops which were moist. However they gave you 4 small ones and a spoonful of potatoes. For this they charged 24$ which was twice what it should have cost. Of course deluded Manhattanites think this is perfectly normal which is why these places thrive.  A better place for a drink then dinner.  For good and reasonably priced MId East food try Bodrum on 89th and Amsterdam or Kefti on Columbus.	0
Very disappointing experience!  The food is mediocre and over salted, the wine is overpriced, even for Manhattan, the music is too loud and terrible, the kitchen door bangs every few seconds (this can be easily remedied!), the waiter tried his best, but the entire experience was unpleasant. The great mystery: the place is packed!  Perhaps the guests are tourists who can only make the mistake once.  As we live only a few blocks away, I am sorry that this cannot be counted among our neighborhood favorites.	0
Another overly hyped let down.  This place seats about 20 people which makes it seem ultra-exclusive. I'm so over this concept.   Started off with two glasses of wine and the sliders that everyone raves about. They were good but not something I was mind-blown over. I mean, really...come on people. It's not that good!  Also ordered the eggplant appetizer, which was $9 and a very small portion. Complete let down. Basically just cooked eggplant with some tomato sauce and a few cut-up heirloom tomatoes on top. Nothing I couldn't make for myself at home.  My friend and I shared the whole fish that came with a side of lobster risotto. Our server came by to fillet the fish for us, which was nice. The fish had a very pleasant flavor but nothing too special. The lobster risotto was super bland!  We also got a side of kale, which was nicely cooked.  Ordered two glasses of champagne to end the night. We were charged $22 per glass. Yes, you read that right - $22 per glass. Total check for everything listed about was $150!  And I left hungry. Ouch. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Ever.	0
Let me just say that food wise it was a 3.5-4 star ordeal, but service was what pulled the overall rating down. We managed to get a 5:45pm reservation and the host at the door was super friendly and greeted me before I sat down. It is a very intimate space with tables a few inches away from each other so hearing other conversations is inevitable. Our server, Jorge R. (At least that's what it says on the receipt...short chubby bald guy with an accent), immediately started giving us an attitude when taking our order and was really impatient when we had questions about the dishes and substitutions. Okay fine, I would have brushed it off if he had not seemed pissed at us the entire freakin night and then proceeded to explicitly write on the check that gratuity is not included with a big circle around the 18-20% guideline. I've never seen that before especially from a restaurant of this caliber and the table next to us were two male Asians and he explicitly explained to them that it was not included either. As I said, it is a small place so I literally did not hear or see him do that to ANYONE ELSE, not even the table full of five middle age Caucasian ladies next to us, which he seemed way happier and friendly to serve. Even our water boy had more patience and kindness when I had to keep asking for condiments for the bread. I found Jorge's behavior extremely offensive and judgmental and it just ruined my dining experience. Meatball sliders weren't what they hyped up to be...it was big on the herbs. I also read if you get a nice server, they comp you on a fourth slider if you're sharing the dish. Well obviously that did not happen with Jorge. Pork chop was chewy and beans were subbed with brussel sprouts and the sweet and spicy sauce for that was not spread out consistently. Fried chicken was the winner of the meal and the sauce fantastic...was not dry at all like majority of other places. Personal preference but brussel sprouts could've been cooked a bit more. Great portions. French donuts with nutella and cinnamon were underwhelming and dry, and souffle, like others said, was more of a lava cake with really good espresso gelato.	0
Cozy little place. Pancakes were good and burger was decent but unfortunately our waitress was MIA the entire time.  She practically disappeared after taking our order.  I'm disappointed by the lack of service given the reputation of this establishment.  Not sure I'd come back with so many other options to choose from.	0
Service was nice and friendly.  Food was cooked well but unfortunately very boring. Not sure why there was so much hype over this restaurant.	0
Cute and nice place but way too small.  Celebrated our anniversary here tonight as the reviews drove us here.  She ordered the meatball sliders to start and the salmon for dinner.  I ordered the calamari to start and the famous pork chop.  First - sliders were good but nothing to die for. Calamari isn't anything to write home about.  Dinner - pork chop - ok had better at another place called Babbo. Salmon she liked.  Staff - waitress was very helpful and friendly.  Bad - someone requested a table for 5 and they decided to sit them next to us which made it really crowded and moved us right in the middle where everyone walks pass to go to the restroom.  Also bread came out after the apps.  Wouldn't go back.	0
7/5/13 Can we get some Air Conditioning up in here?!? Brutal start to the summer heat wave followed us right inside Little Owl.  I never thought I'd be writing a review about being so uncomfortable during a meal.  But, that's just about all I recall of our night here.  The temp readout on the AC unit that we saw read as high as 84.  I was miserable.  I literally felt beads of sweat running down my chest and back during our dinner and went to the washroom to towel off, which barely helped.  I couldn't wait to get out of here.   Lucky for us our food came out right on top of each other.  Like before things were even cleared.  Amuses, tomato and melon salad, soft shell crab, halibut, salmon, and an apple strudel for dessert all done in just over an hour.  That shouldn't happen at a fine restaurant.  Neither should a sauna like setting with no apology or comp.   Fine by me, I was ready to cool off on the sweltering subway platform.  Utter disappointment with Little Owl.	0
its alrite, dont think its like crazy special, meatball  and crabcake was good, my girls salmon was whatever, lambshank was ok service was good	0
2.5 Stars rounded down in this case.  I went here for lunch and was very disappointed. For the price, the quality, the portion size, this place was not very good. The place was fairly empty, which may explain that it's just not a good lunch/brunch spot. I heard this place is amazing from yelp and other sources, so I'm hoping to give another shot someday for their dinner.	0
The food was good, the wait staff attentive, and the host chatty. This is a small place with 11 tables and although. They take walk ins, request  reservations.  The only  availability for me was 5:00.  The place had about 3 other patron's.  A Latin couple came in and seated themselves , as  the host was not at the door .  The waitress told them they needed to check in.  So they got back up and went to the front door and the host asked if they had a reservation? And they told them they could not serve them. Not even a minute later, 2 middle age white women came in without a reservation,  and I heard the host say, " yes , I can seat you,we had a no show at 5:00" They were seated at the very same table . This was enough to ruin my dining experience.	0
I have wanting to try this place for awhile and I was pretty disappointed overall. I don't get what the big deal is. The food was bland and nothing special. I've had MUCH better culinary experiences.	0
Wow I am surprised at the good ratings for this place I guess it is the charm of the location of it. The steak I got 3 bites out of it the rest was fat. My companion had the whole fish she ordered it cooked well with no oil. The fish arrived undercooked and drenched in oil.  Terrible food &amp; experience. This is a pass. I do not recommend it.	0
HYPE! Dull, bland food. No salt, no seasonings. Are they not tasting this stuff in the kitchen before sending it out? Cocky! Lunch entree: gummy, flavorless lobster risotto w/3 nubbins of meat. Baby food! Polenta looked good but had zero taste. Brussels sprouts more raw than cooked. Re: salt fail: sliders so over-salted, barely edible. The place's front door closes so slowly, the room was freezing. And cramped. ("Cozy" is a euphemism.) You can make more interesting dishes at home for a lot less money, &amp; you won't be sitting inside someone else's conversation..	0
I love brunch. I love the idea of a relaxing weekend meal that combines the best of both breakfast and lunch. I love the brunch conversations that consist of catching up on the last week with my brunch partner (usually my boyfriend). But I absolutely hated Little Owl.  I had such high hopes for this place but they failed both in service and food. Our server was a hipster who was way too old to be a hipster who had the most forced smile ever. She didn't really do anything wrong but what irked me the most was that we were SOOOO rushed. We were in and out of Little Owl in 32 minutes. Relaxing brunch? NOPE. I ordered the poached eggs, thinking it would be a dependable and safe choice. Out came 2 tiny ass eggs that took up maybe 30% of the entire plate. According to the menu, these were to be served on top of a "fontina sausage biscuit" leading me to think that there was fontina and sausage on/in it. NOPE. Just a flimsy thin ol' "biscuit", if you could even call it a biscuit. I was still STARVING after brunch and I don't even eat that much. WORST. BRUNCH. EXPERIENCE. EVER.	0
Little Owl is one of the places that locals consistently recommend to me when I ask about dining out in NYC.  So I had to give it a try to see if it lived up to all the hype.  The verdict?  Well, it's just okay and nothing to rave about.   On the night that I went, the quality of food varied greatly, some dishes were outstanding while others ranged from average to disappointing.  The top dishes include the foie and endive salad(a simply amazing pairing), lamb sliders, and the beignet dessert.  Our fish entrees were over salted and slightly overcooked.  To sum it up, the appetizers were great, the entrees sucked and the desserts were good.  Overall, an underwhelming dining experience for a place that's supposed to be great.   The experience was only worsened by the fact that they misplaced my umbrella after the host made a big deal of where I had to hang it when I arrived for dinner.  His promise to reach out to me if anyone returned it or otherwise mail me a similar replacement never materialized.  While I don't expect an immaculate level of service, I do expect a follow up when they were the ones who offered to do so.  Based on the fact that I spent the same amount for dinner at Little Owl as I spent at more upscale restaurants earlier in the week and the food was not consistently good: I won't be back.	0
To me, this place was like "hipsters play restaurant."  I promise I'm not hating on their success and I'm glad everyone else is so entranced by it.  They seem to have  mastered the art of good restaurant, over which they are extremely pleased with themselves. That's not to say it wasn't decent food or that the service wasn't pleasant.  However, I'm pretty sure the reverance is due to equal parts hype and limited supply met with competence.  I've been to Market Table a few times, which is supposedly from the same group of people and had a similar impression. I guess I can see why people like this place.  It's tiny so it seems exclusive and desirable.  The ceiling and the full walls of windows are cool and the food is good...not great, good.  The focus of the meals are style, not substance.  The wine list is okay and it looks quaint enough to film a rom-com fall-in-love dinner scene in this joint.  If you like when Hugh Grant falls in love with Jennifer Lopez or when a ruggedly handsome Hugh Jackman pirate travels through time to fall in love with modern day Jennifer Aniston (who's playing a pediatric oncology veterinarian nurse), you will love Little Owl. If I walked into this place with no expectations, I'd say "solid three and a half stars, rounded up to four."  However, with all the hype and the hoopla getting a table here, I found myself waiting for something memorable or amazing and it just never happened.  This could be a solid usual spot, but they are way too hip and way, way, way too oversolicited to ever come back on my own time and dime.	0
I had high expectations for Little Owl, but I guess that's my own fault.  No bread basket, no coffee offered.  I had Smoked Salmon &amp; Eggs, which was pretty average...nothing memorable.  When I get small portions I expect something absolutely delectable.  I did have a Bellini which was good, but a bit overpriced.  Oh well, you live you learn. Oh the outside shots for the "Friends" building were filmed right above this restaurant...little fun fact :)	0
ambiance//*** cute set-up like you're in someone's house....except that means parties should be 2 +- 1 because any bigger than that and you'll be waiting a long time not to mention you'll be rubbing elbows with other people...hong kong style service//*** everyone was pleasant...somehow despite the crowdedness they were able to deliver everything quickly without being pushy food//** the highly raved meatball sliders were a bit disappointing food in general was ok...i had expectations because of the wait ~*~ fantastically charming decor  + nice waitstaff more for the ambiance than anything else...although i've heard their brunch is much better~	0
The food was not exceptional. We saw Julianne Moore.	0
Maybe I'm spoiled because I've lived in Seattle for the past few years, after over a decade in New York, but I haven't had fish this overcooked and oversalted since, well, the last time I ate fish somewhere outside of the Pacific Northwest. And for the cost of about 1/3 to twice as much more, for a miniscule portion size of a fish, at an even smaller table, crammed on top of your neighbors, and attempting dinner conversation in a din bordering on deafening in this tiny room, while being condescended to by über-pretentious servers, (I'm guessing the attitude comes from the honor of waiting tables at Little Owl), this was the antithesis of a pleasurable dining experience.  They might as well switch out all the two-tops for a big farmhouse table and call communal dining the next big trend: (also see: Seattle:fail), which would probably fly in New York since everyone is already used to sitting with their neighbors and pretending they can't hear their conversations.  The bibb and beets salad was drowning in flavorless, oily dressing, and I felt sorry for the aforementioned halibut that was overcooked and atop a "chive mash" that was so salty it killed every other flavor on the palate. I can't remember the prices but suffice to say the pretention continues on the website as the online menu doesn't list them. I do have a memory that a meal for two including two appetizers, two entrees, and just one glass of wine (seriously!), no dessert ran around $200. Ridiculous. Apparently this place is renowned for the meat dishes: burgers, the meatballs, and pork chop. I had no idea. Figured such a tiny place with such massive acclaim would perfect every dish on their tiny menu. But alas, vegetarians and pescetarians: clearly this isn't the case, unless you're content to simply swallow your overcooked, oversalted, overpriced meal and feel satisfied with the cache that comes with saying you dined next to Michael Kors. I don't get the hype. Oh yeah, I remember. It's the "emperor with new clothes" hoopla that drives so much of what is trendy in NYC at whatever minute this is. And for this price it's downright offensive to patrons who aren't as enamored with the prestige of getting a table at Little Owl than the food they're consuming.	0
I had really high hopes for this place, but it just wasn't good especially for the prices. The atmosphere was cute, but that was about all it had to offer. The slider was good (had to try it since it has been raved about), but 20 bucks for 4 of them was just not worth it. The crispy chicken was decent, but the brussel sprouts under them were pretty much raw. You can find much better food at way better prices.	0
I have not eaten here an d won't...what bothers me is the fact that everyone else puts prices on the menu, and they choose to leave it out.   It is one of at least three criteria that I look for when choosing a restaurant.	0
The good: music, atmosphere, and drinks. The bad: food, price. We ate here prior to seeing Sleep No More (which was excellent).  The atmosphere of the restaurant was very creepy, cool, and had a 1930's speakeasy vibe. The live jazz music was great. And the cocktails were good. Unfortunately, no one at our table was happy with the food, especially for the price. I'd recommend making dinner reservations elsewhere, and stop by the Heath for drinks afterwards. That's what we wish we'd done instead.	0
The music and atomosphere give this place easily 5 stars, but the service and overpriced food bring it wayyyy down. Would have been happier at a million other places. None of the food was special or that interesting. Our entire party of 4 was very dissapointed. Go get some drinks there before the show, or just go to the bar to enjoy the music. Don't pass go, don't eat dinner, don't do anything else.	0
Man oh man, I had such high expectations coming into The Heath last night.  First things first, the ambiance was OUTSTANDING.  Seriously, it was like traveling back in time, and that piece was extremely unique and exciting.  The music was also great! However, this is a restaurant and should be rated as such.  The service was ok.  Nothing great.  Server attentive-ish but very aloof.  She asked that we put our order in all at once (apps and entrees), but then they all arrived at once. All in all WAY overpriced.  The cheese board was absolutely tiny for $25.  The chicken was dried out and kind of tasted like banquet food.  The fish pie tasted like fish food, seriously.  The pork pies reminded me of passed appetizers at a wedding.  The banoffee dessert was decent, and probably the best thing we ate.  Cocktails were ok, but at $16 apiece, they should be legendary. Up your food game, Heath!  You could so easily be 5 stars!	0
When you come to this place you should keep in mind a few things. Most important of them: ignorant stuff. Ignorant to the point of degrading guests who ask simple questions (like... "Why elevator is not working"- their answer is a shaming look). Among other things for consideration: attempt to overcharge (and a ridiculing customer out when overcharge is mentioned). So while I must admit that shows here are most of the times "ok" or better, I would definitely advice anyone, especially tourists, from going there.	0
This place can be absolutely amazing.  I had the extreme misfortune of attending the Les Claypool show here.  Doors opened 90 minutes before Les took the stage, and it's been a long time since I've seen a drunker, rowdier crowd.  Les even stopped the show a couple times and asked people not to stumble onto the stage.  I understand you can't really blame an establishment for a crowd, but The Heath was ill-prepared to deal with such belligerent customers and the set-up for the show didn't help.   There were "reserved" seating areas that weren't really cordoned off, and all of the drunks and folks smoking pot that'd been waiting for an hour and a half were up in people's faces demanding space in the reserved sections. Real shame.	0
The good: the ambiance at the Heath is in line with and just as well-executed as in every other part of the McKittrick hotel. The live music was fun and the staff looked great. The bad: The service was pretty sub-par. Not unfriendly, but we waited a good half hour before asking a busboy to send a waiter. We waited five more minutes, then approached the host stand. A few minutes after that, someone finally came to take a drink order. The food was ok. The beef &amp; ale pies were bland and the mustard on the pork pies was way spicy. The house band, the Heathens, were pretty good. The DJ that played full-on club music in between sets was jarring, at best.  It was not a totally unenjoyable experience but we certainly wouldn't go back.	0
It's so over-rated. The line is too long. The service too slow. The burgers too oily. The fries tasteless. The choice limited. No sides besides fries. The hype is over. And do you want to hear something really awful ? I found a chip of plastic in my meat patty. I took it to the manager. She never comped my meal or anything. Didn't even insist. She said, " can we do anything for you?"  I said no. She left it at that. I told her to have that chip of whatever analyzed. Who knows what their meat supplier is dropping into the meat.  If you want a better burger go to Brgr or 5 Napkin.	0
I recognize that I'm completely in the minority on this - but the food here just isn't good.  The fries are horrible (crinkly or otherwise), the hotdogs taste like they've come out of a microwave oven and the hamburgers are way too greasy.   Ok - the shakes are ok - but that's really the extent of any reason to come here.   There is absolutely no legitimate excuse to stand in a line for 20+ minutes to get a burger and fries at this place. If you want good burgers and fries, go to 5 Guys Burgers and Fries.  The food is so much better there. Again, I recognize that I'm in a minority here.  Everyone else seems to love the food here.  I just will never understand it.	0
After a trip to the AMNH we were ravenous and headed around the block to Shake Shack. My sister and I near demanded it.  It was packed--they are still always so packed! It's nuts! It's just a burger joint, guys! A burger joint we had to eat at...  We waited patiently in line in the freezing cold and then we ate our burgers and chips out in the freezing cold because it was too busy inside to find seating. We are ridiculous Australians.  And to be perfectly honest, I wasn't overwhelmed by my first Shake Shack experience--the fries at the upper west side Shack weren't crinkle fries, and my double Smokestack kinda just tasted like a Hungry Jacks bacon double cheeseburger. So it was tasty, sure, but also meaty and greasy and not the dream burger I'd built up expectations for. Never mind. I don't need you, UWS.	0
Before going to this one I've been to the one in Cambridge, MA. So I knew their burgers were good and that they open late, that's why I've been there. * OK, it's just a bunch of dollars for a burger. BUT I hated the aggressiveness of the staff who just had in mind to close the store (I arrived 5-10 minutes before the close). So they rushed me so hard. No niceness, no smile, the girl at the cashier looked clearly like disliking her job and talked to me bad. I was really upset when leaving. * Don't go there when they're about to close! Sorry, you lost a customer.	0
Unimpressed. The food was extremely salty that I even went to complain about oversalting and they made me a fresh new burger... and it tasted exactly the same, SO SALTY! As far as burgers go this just wasn't satisfying. I like salt but this was overwhelmingly salty. The second burger just confirmed to me that this was the usual. Not sure where all the hype comes from and after coming off of trying In-N-Out this was just so disappointing.	0
It's fast food. I mean, it's not terrible but I never ever understood how people fell in love with this place. It IS a notch above McDonalds, I will grant you that, but only a notch. I always felt like the love for this place mainly came from those who wish they could eat at McD's but felt too stylish to do so and this place allowed them to sate that urge. I went a few times, always dragged by others after the first and I was always non-plussed. I'm not a TOTAL snob when it comes to fast food, either, I DO like Chipotle (even though I feel super guilty afterwards). But Shake Shack just doesn't do a single thing for me.	0
Really? People like this place? We came here because it was super close to the Natural History museum and it had good reviews... what's with NYC and the serious review score inflation?? 1) The line here is crazy long. You stand in line and then wait for your food. If there are 2 or more of you, send the others to find a table right away. 2) There is limited seating upstairs but more downstairs. I literally stood in a queue to get a table. Some people tried to cut the line but were promptly told what the process was. The seating here is inadequate.  3) The food is BLAH. The hot dogs are rubbery. The mushroom/cheese burger was like eating a garlic clove and even though we were hungry, we couldn't finish one of them between us. The fries were the only decent thing about the meal. What's the draw of this place? It's true that I didn't have a hamburger, but we tried several of their other items and were not impressed.  We really weren't impressed with any of it.	0
Spectacularly average burgers and fries. But with a line 20 people deep and a ten minute wait for your burger! I just don't get it New York! If your burgers are this average it shouldn't take them so long to make them. Shakes are average also, but at least there is no line. In-n-out in LA and Five guys from DC are way better and faster than this place.	0
Today was my worst experience ever in this shake shack. I ordered around 9:50 and didn't receive anything for more than an hour (finally got it minutes before closing at 11).  I know it was busy but I asked the lady calling numbers around 30 minutes in and she just shrugged me off saying that my beeper didn't beep so I wasn't called. So I waited and waited for another 30 minutes ( which ended up being over a full hour) and finally got so fed up I wanted to just leave without my food until I asked the cashier to Check my order in the cash register to show that I had truly waited for over an hour for my food at which point the employees had an "oh shit" moment and just gave me my food to go. I literally waited a whole hour; watching people many minutes after me come and go as I sat patiently for my simple order of a double shack burger and fries.  Needless to say, I am very disappointed and don't want this to be my last time here, but I'll definitely choose to go to some other burger.  Pic of my receipt  <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fimgur.com%2Fzsv16rN&amp;s=575fb25e29e67975a059081fc79a6c7d363887392bbfabcee9734eb63879da3a" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">imgur.com/zsv16rN</a>	0
The burgers are really good but the fries are disgusting..  They used to use fresh fries and now they use the same frozen ones that they use at white castle.. 5 guys has wayyyyy better fries, no comparison..	0
Went last night with my boyfriend. They were out of hamburger buns so we both got hot dogs. I was vomiting by the time we walked to Columbus Circle, and he was vomiting by the time he got home.  So beware Shake Shack hotdogs! Probably went bad in the summer heat when they were being taken off the shipment truck and left on the sidewalk for too long. On the bright side, I got to vomit in Central Park while those fireworks went off last night, so that was probably my most romantic sick session. Thanks for the food poisoning shake shack!	0
Mediocre at best.	0
I'm so very sad to give this one star <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Freview.my&amp;s=b384e2d512d86108dff3959bb8fb32079120b312b3120b778fcda6104f634436" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">review.my</a> friends and I went here finally to see what this 1658 4 star review was all about. The food was actually quite delicious and we enjoyed ourselves here.  The sad part was the next day my friends and I had extreme food poisoning: and each of our symptoms looked different but painful nonetheless. We tried not to attribute it to the food here but when I saw one after another drop sick like flies it was pretty alarming. Perhaps this was a one time thing but my google attempts gave me a different picture. I hope there were not other people who fell sick after a meal on mar 11(in the evening). Sad sad sad reality. I hope the establishment rectifies whatever is goin on here.	0
This location is a disappointment. Don't open so many locations if you cannot maintain proper quality control. I got a Shack Burger and the patty was burnt to a crisp and had the smallest amount of shack sauce. I also got fries and they weren't even crinkle cut, not to mention they were super soggy. The only redeeming quality is the vanilla custard cup. On point every time.  Madison Square Garden location may have a longer line, but it's worth it. Immensely better.	0
This chain is way overhyped. Heard about this place for years in the west coast and that it was "so good." Finally tried it and was so disappointed.  Long line for both the food and the bathroom.  Had the hamburger. It's so small and slightly overpriced. There's nothing that special about it. I had backyard bbq burgers that tasted about the same.  It wasn't horrible, so two stars it is.  Maybe it's because I grew up with In n Out, but this place is just blah. In n Out is so much better!	0
I was served barely-warm fries and a barely-warm hot dog, and the hot dog was ridiculously chewy. It took forever to eat because I had to chew so much. Very odd. For me, the shine had been fading on Shake Shack already, and today might be the nail in the coffin, at least for NYC locations.	0
The burgers are heavily salted and nothing special. Fries were surprisingly soggy/stale...milkshake was good. Hotdog seems passable...for the price I would expect more. But then again, there's no compeitition around this one nearby so maybe it just have the monopoly on cheap grub near the Museum of Natural History. Anyways, if you can, beg for a Cali-type In-n-Out here.....	0
The burger and fries were pretty good. However my shake was terrible. It seems as if it was given to me after standing for an hour. The ice cream was completely melted and it was actually beginning to get warm. Gross.	0
Meh.  It's too greasy for my liking.  If it was the same amount of greasiness but I couldn't see it, then fine.  But the fact that I can see how oily the bun is was kinda gross for me.  That pretty much a turn off.  It's not worth the calories to for me.	0
I know I'm in the minority, but I think this place is overrated.  First, never get a shake here. They're way too thick and you can barely drink them - it's like trying to get ice cream through a straw.  But of course, people come here for the burgers. The burgers are certainly good. That said, I don't think they're worth the hype and huge line. This place is always PACKED and there are so many good food options near by I just don't see how it's worthwhile. I like burgers, but there is no reason to wait in the line that regularly goes around the block and takes 20-30 minutes.	0
I came here on around 7pm on a weekday, the line was long but didn't take more than 15 minutes to get to the cashier. I ordered a  malted caramel vanilla shake and added a pinch of salt to it, freaking delicious!! Then I decided to eat my shack burger and cheese fries. The fries were gross, maybe because they were overdone yet only warm, and the burger was okay after loading on some ketchup. I now know to go to Shake Shack ONLY for their shakes. I was truly disappointed in the meal.	0
After waiting a long time for food and a place to stand to eat, just when we were about to eat, a shake shack employee dragged a giant trash bag full of garbage between us and our food, leaking waste all over, including our shoes.  We complained as he was doing it yet he didn't stop.  Got the manager who only after seeing there was still waste in the dining area from the leaking bag decided to give us a refund. We left. Terrible experience. And there was a separate door for trash and service but they dragged leaking garbage across our feet in the dining area.  Awful and won't ever go back.	0
I love burgers and try one at almost every place I go to eat. I just really don't understand the hype that this place generates. The burgers here are simply OK and the fries are terrible, over cooked and cold before you even start eating them. I live nearby and I can't justify waiting in line, and then another 15-20 minutes waiting for your food, a mediocre burger.	0
I think this place is overrated, I would give 2,5 stars. Burgers were just ok, too thin for my taste. Shakes were better. I would rather go to Burger Joint to more juicy, big and tasty hamburgers. Fries were very oily and not crispy at all!  From the pictures posted here, it seems quality has worsened over the years.	0
There's just too much hype about this (now) chain. The original Shake Shack at Madison Square park was great on off hours (no burger is worth a 1 hour wait in my world). It's still a pretty decent burger for a fast food-chain, but not worth more than a 15 minute wait. I had the shack burger, which is affordable, albeit quite small. Nice touch with the waffle fries, but they had little to no flavor. I would come back to check out their shakes and dessert, but when it comes to burger chains, I take Five Guys over Shake Shack any day. Especially if you're hungry. And who goes for burgers when they just have a small appetite? Ingredients are high quality but I bit on a chunk of cartilage in my pattie.  Overall I'd say, the presentation and overall marketing is great, but if you're really into burgers, there are better chains (namely Five Guys here in NYC).	0
As someone who's had plenty of both Five Guys and In-n-Out, Shake Shack stradles this line between the two and falls short. Their burgers are very simple and clean and small - pretty much like an In-n-Out. Unlike In-n-Out, they actually taste GOOD - the potato bread is mealy and the patty has a nice beefy flavor to it. They aren't as greasy as Five Guys, pack less toppings, and are much smaller. If they came in at the $2-3 In-n-Out price, they'd get 4 stars. But at $4-7 for a burger with the size of simplicity as your basic fast food restaurant, you can get a lot more at Five Guys or even a full-out restaurant. I was really unimpressed with the shake I got, one of the "concrete" mixes. LOADED with chunks of sugary crap, so that it was hard to actually taste the frozen custard base without a tooth-shattering crunch interrupting you.	0
Burgers are small in size but taste ok. Shake is nothing spectacular either. Not sure about the hype here.	0
I love me some shack shake but this location left a bitter taste in my mouth.   I stopped by right after work for a quick shake, and ended up waiting a really long time.  What's the point of having a separate line for shakes and concretes only? I sadly watched as people who came after me got their burgers, fries, AND shakes. I had to cancel my order and get my money back.  You would think a place with terrible service would at least have offered me a free shake or a discount.  No apologies, nothing.  I didn't know slow service was expected.	0
Actually I don't know why this place is so famous. So expensive for burgers even thou they are fastfood. Always so crowd. I like fiveguys more than this burger.	0
After hearing about how popular and good this was, I tried it out. The burger was so soggy and not even good. Don't know how people can say this is better than In&amp;Out..	0
Shared a couple double SmokeStacks and a hotdog with cheese fries on the side with a friend. Greasiest crap I've ever had. The burgers were overrun with red peppers. It ruined the taste entirely. The best was the fake cheese whiz the Fries came with, and that's pretty gross. Why do people line up for this experience?	0
Yeah, this place is cool. If you want to wait 20 minutes for a milkshake that turns out to have been sitting ready for you for 10.	0
My friend said it was ok but by far a great burger!  He asked for 2 kinds of cheeses and they only had one and no sauteed onions...They had nothing on the menu I could eat except fries and they were a bit too greasy for my taste.  Smash and Jackson Hole are better. To their defense I didn't try the shakes which I'm assuming is the trademark of this place but the food is just average.  I can see why people would enjoy this spot but I think its hyped!  Just my opinion...	0
I ordered 2 shroom burgers and fries.  The shrooms were rubber, tried to chew one bite but ugh it was terrible.  Fries were soggy, overly greasy, and tasted way off.  I threw out more than half.  Waste but lesson learned no more shake shack for me.  i had a shroom burger from shack in madison square park years ago and it was very good so I thought this one would be the same...was NOT.	0
I heard so many great things about this place, I couldn't wait to try it.  The atmosphere was very generic, cement floors and gray everywhere.  The burger I got was good - in the same way that a Whopper Junior from Burger King is good. It was small, fast-food like, and overpriced.  I also got cheese fries, which were crinkle cut. The actual fries were ok, but the cheese sauce they put on it was disgusting. I probably only ate three fries out of the basket before ditching it in the trash.  I also tried a strawberry shake, thinking that since it was the Shake Shack, my mind should be blown. The shake was boring. It was barely strawberry. I've had milkshakes ten times better at fast food joints, McDonald's even.  I left disappointed, and poorer. For the price, I would rather go somewhere worth it.	0
I read the reviews on yelp before going here, and when someone said it was better than 5 Guys and In n Out - so I had to try it.  My husband is more of a burger person than I am, but i LOVE In n Out - so we went! My husband ordered a Shack burger (single) and said it was ok, the bread was good, but the burger was greasy.  I had a shroom burger (which is their vegetarian 'burger') and when I took a bite into it, all this oozey stuff started coming out!  I was trying to figure out what it was, and it was all cheese!!  Ugh.  I was pretty disappointed... Not only was the bun greasy as hell, but i ate deep fried cheese with one thinly sliced mushroom....... anyways - the fries were good and my husbands banana fosters 'custard' was pretty good although it didnt look like custard, more like frozen yogurt or something. All in all i'm glad we tried it, because now i know i will NEVER go back.	0
Hrm not sure I understand all through fuss. Had the shroom burger while my boyfriend had the smoke shack - both pretty good and we liked that they were freshly cooked to order. However the buns are too soft and sweet, and I couldn't taste anything distinctive about the shack sauce. I think there are many other places in NYC for a better burger (still trying to find the perfect one, so stay posted!), but perhaps worth visiting here for the frozen custard or shakes, which neither of us had. The Brooklyn brewery Shake Meister Ale was excellent though! Service decent and fast during mid week around 4pm. But overall - only okay.	0
I wanted to like this place, but it was awful in every way. Start with service... wow, so bad!!! The girl seemed to go out of her way to avoid eye contact. She brought the food and didn't see her again. I practically had to trip her to get her to notice we needed something.  Food: bleh. Didn't think a burger and fries could be so gross. Even their ketchup is nasty. Don't do it.	0
I regret coming here. I looked for a breakfast place nearby and found this place but after I sat down and saw the menu I was like, crap but too embarrassed to get up and leave. It was 10:00am on Sunday and the place was starting to fill up. My boyfriend got two eggs and I got tofu with potatoes/toast. The hash is heavily cooked in butter so, vegans, avoid avoid avoid. But it was cool that they could replace any omelet with tofu. Since neither of us really ate some of the dishes they are known for, this might not be the most helpful review but I definitely would not recommend it.  Also, a cup of coffee was $3.00. The f?	0
I am knocking 3 stars right off the bat for the claustrophobic fire hazardous miserable wait they have for breakfast on the weekend.  You cannot have that many people surrounding the only small exit that is enclosed by a box.  It is awful.  They DO NOT take reservations so every gathers around the poor diners in the front of the restaurant.   The hostess was quite sweet and greeted us with a smile.  Our waitress was also nice.  I am not a coffee drinker, but the decaf was the best I have ever had and the sip of regular black was even better! The pastrami hash was very good and the egg cooked perfectly.  There was a sufficient amount of food to satisfy my hunger at 10am on a Saturday.  Girlfriend was very happy with make your own omelet, but they screwed up the eggs.   So will I go back brunch?  Definitely not.  Maybe for lunch if there isn't a line if I am in the area for a project.	0
For starters, the wait is over the top. My wife and I went and checked it out because if the reviews. Waited 45 minutes after putting our names down, showed up and waited another 25 minutes. I find it pretty idiotic and inconvenient to have booths and tables available but because you aren't in a big group you can't sit there. So, you've waited an hour and group of 5 walks in and they get immediately seated.  Food wasn't as amazing as fellow yelpers deemed it to be. I had the Hash and that was pretty good, but my wife had the Wild Mushroom Toast and that sucked, it came out cold, the bread was super hard. We even ordered the famous Apple Cinnamon pancakes and those wee cold too, and dry. The topping tasted as if it was old and not fresh.   Biggest plus and only plus of our visit was their OJ. We had high expectations but Friedmans under delivered for us. Only reason we gave it 2 stars was because of the hostess that was very positive and kept informing us our table would be ready soon, not her fault or her seating policy so can't hold it against her.	0
We waited 20 minutes for a table for two, and that wasn't that bad. Up to there. We got there at 11 and we were expecting their breakfast menu, which they didn't give to us because we had a table around 11:20. My boyfriend ordered theGrilled Cheese Sandwich and I ordered B.L.A.T. which we had to wait almost an hour for. We asked the waitress when our food was coming twice, because we got our checks way before we got our meals. Our waitress was so rude to us, she almost seemed to be eager to have us leave before we were even served. I initially wanted to try their dessert menu, but our waitress handed us our check before I had the chance to even mention dessert. Their food was nothing to rave about, and their service was absolutely terrible. The only nice things about this restaurant was their complimentary bottled water and sparkling water, and the interior design. I would never return to this restaurant or recommend it to my friends if they would get the same hostile treatment we did.	0
Food came out cold and they forgot most of our order. Maybe just a one off but I won't be going again.	0
The first time I came to Friedman's I had a wonderful experience, but this past Sunday was pretty sad and pathetic on my part for waiting an hour and a half to sit down. We were first offered a seat at the communal table, which if you have ever gone inside is a debacle in its self since all the people waiting to seat are standing, watching, and breathing all over you and your food. The manager said if you want to sit there I can ask the people to stand back. I kindly declined and said we would wait for a table. Another 15 minutes later, we did not get a table, instead we had to settle for two seats at the bar, which was just as bad as the communal table. When we went to order they were out of the fried green tomatoes which was pretty disappointing because I was excited to impress my boyfriend with a delicious brunch, his favorite meal of the day, with one of his favorite foods- green tomatoes!  Not only was my omelette bland, but they charged me an additional $2 to switch out the whole wheat toast for what looked like a mini biscuit. On top of it, the barista was super busy and yet the manager felt the need to order himself a specialty hot chocolate. Even more annoying than that, the manager was insisting on seating some people he knew who were waiting a measly 30 minutes ahead of 6 other parties that were waiting over an hour already.  I get that the food is good, but honestly for a wait that long, service mediocre, and snobby managers, likely I won't return of recommend this place.	0
Yet another disappointing brunch experience in NYC.  Bah.  Definitely not worth waiting 45 minutes for mediocre brunch at a high price tag. Had the southern breakfast.  Biscuit was hard, dry and literally inedible because they must have tripled the baking soda in the recipe by accident.  First time I've actually had to spit something out at a restaurant.  Left a really bad bitter taste in my mouth even through the end of the meal.  The manager was really nice about it when I let him know though -- went and tasted/confirmed and hopefully told the cooks not to serve them to anyone else.  Swapped out for toast.   Not sure why people think the fried green tomatoes are so amazing here.  They were kinda cold, greasy and the batter didn't have much flavor.  The grits were the saving grace though -- very creamy and rich.  Overall portion was pretty small for what you get -- although I wouldn't have wanted more of this mediocre dish. Brunch cocktails are nice and they have a pretty reasonable wine selection as well. The ambiance here is nice and really feels very New Yorky.  The service was okay -- brunch service is always pretty slow, but they made an effort to make sure we had everything we needed.	0
I don't know why this place is so popular. I ordered brick pressed chicken and my friend ordered the famous fried chicken and waffle. We waited 50 minutes for these two dishes which was not okay. The brick pressed chicken was extremely salty. It was the saltiest food i've ever had in my life and the fried chicken and waffle was just okay. If you want to try their very famous fried chicken and waffle I suggest you to get a waffle from a good dessert place and chicken from KFC or Popeyes because their chicken is way better. Staff was really nice but food wasn't worth the money.	0
After the 1 hour wait and the great Yelp reviews, i was really looking forward to an amazing brunch. What I ended up getting however, was a very average experience. The service was pretty good, so no complaints there - but the food totally fell flat. I had the Southern breakfast, with 2 sunny side up eggs, biscuit, cheddar grits and fried green tomatoes. Let me start with the best first - the fried green tomatoes were awesome! Perfectly cooked, and they really used the right kind of tomatoes. The cheddar grits were absolutely forgettable - weird texture and a weird taste. The biscuit was too dry and not flaky enough - nothing about my plate really reminded me of good southern comfort food, unfortunately.  Other things ordered on the table were egg white scramble with avocado, which I have to say was weird - the avocados were simply thrown on top of the scramble, making it hard to eat and the textures just did not go! And what can I say about the chicken sausage - it was just nasty looking AND nasty tasting.. again a big issue with the texture and the taste was soooo unappetizing. All in all, definitely not worth the wait or the money!	0
Good brunch spot in mid-town. On Memorial Day, the wait was about 45 minutes. I am unsure of what time it would be on a weekend, probably long. I got the pastrami hash (SUPER greasy) and my husband got the Southern Egg plate (comes with cheese grits, biscuits, eggs, and fried green tomatoes).  I would NOT recommend the hash just because it was so greasy. It tasted good, but I was immediately grossed out once I saw the 1 centimeter pool of oil it was sitting in at the bottom of the bowl. G-R-O-S-S. The apple cinnamon butter that came with our dishes' was delicious though. My husband's dish was a-OK, the highlight were the cheese grits.  I would be willing to try this place again, but since both our dishes were mediocre, I'll probably try a different brunch place.	0
I got a yelp account just to write this review.  I was really disappointed with everything, we ordered two servings of chicken and waffles and a Tomato soup.  The tomato  soup was terrible, it was really watery and tasteless.  As for the chicken and waffles the chicken had no flavor you had to drench it in the syrup to make it taste like something although that something is not that great either.  And to top it all off one of the chicken and waffle servings was all bones NOT worth the $18. Out of all the places I've gone to have chicken and waffles in the city this has been the worst and most expensive.	0
This place might be succumbing to its Yelp success. I came in at 9 on a Tuesday by myself. The menu looked promising...the breakfast sandwiches in particular looked delicious. I was seated quickly at the counter and promptly forgotten. I waited for ten minutes, coffeeless and alone, before heading to a place that understands how to deal with rush hour.	0
I arrived right at opening. The restaurant was empty.  Because i was by myself, they would not allow me to sit at any of the 8 empty tables for two....only at the bar or comunal table.	0
Came here yesterday for brunch - we were told the wait would be 45 minutes to an hour, and it was just about an hour.  I don't really have an issue with the wait - it is what it is, however the hostess in charge of seating parties didn't seem to really be all that efficient, leaving large tables empty for long periods of time.  It was possible indeed for a party of 5 or 6 to walk in and be seated immediately, while parties of 2 were waiting for 45 min + because she didn't want to seat multiple parties at the large table up front. Okay, so my biggest pet peeve is I think this place does not have the right strategy when pricing their meal. I felt nickel and dimed to a certain extent the entire meal... 1. ordered coffee (was charged $3.81) with no explanation. 2. friend ordered coffee and was charged $2.45 with no explanation We asked what was going on - they said, oh sorry, to stay it is $3.81, to go it is $2.45ish (don't know what the exact number is), because to stay you can get refills.  That's fine -- just tell us up front. 3. we sit down to order - I wanted to order the southern breakfast with fried green tomatoes.  I was told they were out of fried green tomatoes but they could substitute something else.  However, when i wanted to substitute chicken sausage, they said no - it's a different price.  BUT it isn't a different price on the menu. They are both listed as $6.00.  This was AFTER being told that what normally is integral to the meal (fried green tomatoes) was not available.  Talk about being accommodating... We debated and finally she came back to tell me they could give me one patty instead of 2. Huh? Fine - so then we decide to order the eggs with style but substitute the toast for a biscuit.  Again, another $1.00 charge.  That to me was more understandable, but it just sort of showed all the inflexibility of the kitchen/mgmt. If it's all so difficult - just raise your prices a dollar or two so your customers don't feel pinched everytime they ask for something! Anyhow - food is fine, service not so great...definitely not worth the hour wait.	0
Waited for an hour to enter this place. The place is cozy and cute. I was super excited for the chicken sausage as my side in my dish, but I was not satisfied at all. It had some weird taste, something about the oil. In fact even the other side - the potato pancake wasn't appetizing either. However, my sister had this omelette with avocado and mixed veggies, that was yum. I would recommend that if at all you choose to have eggs. They had these house made butter with the toast- that was interesting. Had berries in it.  I also had the green tea and ginkgo. That was awesome! A good hangover cure ;) Overall, I found it a relatively decent place.	0
I went to a late lunch here with my co-workers. One of them has celiac so the gluten-free menu was a big draw.  Everyone really enjoyed the food, myself included; I had the turkey sandwich which was delicious and not dry at all, as can be the case when getting real roast turkey. Only complaint: one of their bus staff was REALLY CREEPY and kept staring at me and giving me the dirtiest of looks for no apparent reason. Not only that, but he would make noises or whisper at me every time he walked by the table. I tried to ignore him, but it is really difficult to do so. My coworkers noticed it too and confirmed that I wasn't imagining it. Let's be clear: I had no interaction with this man other than giving him a discouraging look when I noticed he was staring.  At one point he even slammed a silverware drawer to make noise to attract my attention when I was trying to ignore him, only to give me another really menacing look. I wrote management after I left, as I did not want to cause a scene at the restaurant, but I never received a response. This all happened near the end of January.  So, too bad because the food and place itself were both great, but I am more or less afraid to ever go back there.	0
terrible service. spilled beer on my friend, spilled coffee on  me and then we overheard the waitstaff making fun of our reaction to this. They did bring $5 over to cover dry cleaning when they heard my friend complaining that her now beer soaked pants were dry clean only - but where in NYC can you dry clean pants for $5. Worst part was them talking about us like some little high school children. So unprofessional. Waters were never filled. Waitress had to be flagged down to even bring the check.  OH and the food was not good! The location in Chelsea Market is great but this location seems like a totally different restaurant. Don't bother.	0
I don't care about the food when I watched three other groups with a party of four seated at very comfortable tables walk in after us, get in line after us and seated before us. They will not seat you as a party of three when they can seat four. I contested this with the staff and they denied this practice.  Then promptly seated our party of three at a table for two. How do I say?... F#cking bullsh!t. That's not how you should treat people. I will never be back!	0
Walked in and attempted to get a table. Yelled at by the hostess because I wasn't pushing her customers over to walk inside quickly enough. Hour long wait at 2:30pm on a Sunday. The food may be good, but we didn't get a chance to find out.  We walked a couple buildings down to Pennsylvania6 and it was great. The waitstaff there is friendly and they certainly don't yell at you!	0
Not sure what the rave is about this restaurant. I ordered a standard breakfast consisting of two over-easy eggs, chicken sausages, potatoes, toast and coffee. The potatoes were tasty, especially with the NYC hot sauce they serve. Everything else was a disappointment. The eggs were pretty disgusting to the point that I couldn't even eat them. I appreciate the effort to be health cautious but frying eggs without any oils results to a very dry and unappetizing egg.  On top of that, the whites of my over-easy egg was raw, I usually don't mind it but it was too the point it was thick and gooey. The chicken sausage was a little heavy handed in a spice...either sage/savoury. Had to leave that back too. The coffee tasted like something I would pick up at a gas station.  My husband had the pastrami hash. That was pretty tasty. Nothing extraordinary but he had no issues eating every bit of it.  Definitely not worth going back to since there are so many other restaurants.	0
Decent food, but the kitchen was slllooooooowwww.  Clearly a problem as the waitstaff was clustered at the pass through and nothing was coming out for ages.  The waitstaff was EXCELLENT in keeping the patrons patient.	0
We arrived on Sunday just 5 minute before they closed their kitchen for the afternoon.  Technically speaking they could have still served us, and they were extremely rude about.  I do not recommend this place.  Further, the place was empty which infuriates me even more.	0
Had only half of the breakfast items that were from the yelp pics.  No eggs benedict, no chicken and waffles, not what I was expecting.	0
A restaurant with a four star review in a place with a thriving Yelp community like New York City is usually a safe bet. But this place was so mediocre. If we had stumbled in here by accident, it would have been just ok. But the promise of Yelp raised our expectations. Plus, we had to work hard for a table. They don't take reservations, and the wait was almost an hour. Surely, delicious food awaited us inside! But, alas, all three dishes ordered by our group were bland and uninspired. Plus the coffee was undrinkable (both the drip and the espresso!). The waitress was pleasant enough, but missed little things like refilling our water. It was probably more of 2.75 star experience, but I'm rounding down since the other reviews seem to have inflated the overall rating. So sad.	0
Whatever you do- don't get the corned beef hash. By far, a disappointment- the regular cook must have been out the day I had it (apparently some people on Yelp love it) because it was 50% onions and the other 50% was unedible, salty over smoked chuck roast that was chewy. And the other great brunch items are only avail on the weekend. The service is not particularly friendly, more perfunctory than nice and they wouldn't give us a booth as we requested since there was only two of us (it was a work meeting, so some laptop real estate would have been nice), and I generally don't like hostesses who are obviously having a slow morning, have three open booths and yet, deny customer service. Not bitter, but just saying- tighten it up, Friedman's.	0
Waited 50 minutes for brunch then sat. Ipad buzztext notification was nice. Ordered the pulled pork Benedict. The Benedict arrived the same temperature as the salad. Tasted ok. Nothing special, not worth the wait IMO.	0
This place is right next to my office, so I went here for lunch with some coworkers.  There was a few minutes wait...for a weekday lunch. We got waters fast, but the food took awhile to arrive. I had the turkey burger with sweet potato fries. The turkey burger was made from what appeared to be a frozen patty that contained something non-turkey in it. There was a thin piece of cheese on it, and it was served on a tiny stale bun. It was slightly larger than a slider. Seriously, a frozen patty with a piece of cheese and a stale bun. No lettuce, tomato, nothing. The sweet potato fries were soggy. That's all I remember about them. There was nothing good about this meal. I would have not finished it, except my coworker was paying for it and didn't want to offend her.	0
We went to this place because it was rated highly. It took half an hour to 45 minutes to get our food. Admittedly, it was pretty crowded but still, why does it take so long to make a sandwich and scrambled eggs? The sandwich (egg, avocado and bacon) was pretty tasty. The scrambled eggs came with super dry toast and extremely oily potatoes that were otherwise tasteless.	0
A fantastic dining experience if you enjoy pubic hair and the chemical smell of rubbing alcohol in your food. I just tried the basalmic chicken sandwich and was lucky enough to experience both of those things.	0
I wanted to like this place, but it was awful in every way. Start with service... wow, so bad!!! The girl seemed to go out of her way to avoid eye contact. She brought the food and didn't see her again. I practically had to trip her to get her to notice we needed something.  Food: bleh. Didn't think a burger and fries could be so gross. Even their ketchup is nasty. Don't do it.	0
I regret coming here. I looked for a breakfast place nearby and found this place but after I sat down and saw the menu I was like, crap but too embarrassed to get up and leave. It was 10:00am on Sunday and the place was starting to fill up. My boyfriend got two eggs and I got tofu with potatoes/toast. The hash is heavily cooked in butter so, vegans, avoid avoid avoid. But it was cool that they could replace any omelet with tofu. Since neither of us really ate some of the dishes they are known for, this might not be the most helpful review but I definitely would not recommend it.  Also, a cup of coffee was $3.00. The f?	0
I am knocking 3 stars right off the bat for the claustrophobic fire hazardous miserable wait they have for breakfast on the weekend.  You cannot have that many people surrounding the only small exit that is enclosed by a box.  It is awful.  They DO NOT take reservations so every gathers around the poor diners in the front of the restaurant.   The hostess was quite sweet and greeted us with a smile.  Our waitress was also nice.  I am not a coffee drinker, but the decaf was the best I have ever had and the sip of regular black was even better! The pastrami hash was very good and the egg cooked perfectly.  There was a sufficient amount of food to satisfy my hunger at 10am on a Saturday.  Girlfriend was very happy with make your own omelet, but they screwed up the eggs.   So will I go back brunch?  Definitely not.  Maybe for lunch if there isn't a line if I am in the area for a project.	0
For starters, the wait is over the top. My wife and I went and checked it out because if the reviews. Waited 45 minutes after putting our names down, showed up and waited another 25 minutes. I find it pretty idiotic and inconvenient to have booths and tables available but because you aren't in a big group you can't sit there. So, you've waited an hour and group of 5 walks in and they get immediately seated.  Food wasn't as amazing as fellow yelpers deemed it to be. I had the Hash and that was pretty good, but my wife had the Wild Mushroom Toast and that sucked, it came out cold, the bread was super hard. We even ordered the famous Apple Cinnamon pancakes and those wee cold too, and dry. The topping tasted as if it was old and not fresh.   Biggest plus and only plus of our visit was their OJ. We had high expectations but Friedmans under delivered for us. Only reason we gave it 2 stars was because of the hostess that was very positive and kept informing us our table would be ready soon, not her fault or her seating policy so can't hold it against her.	0
We waited 20 minutes for a table for two, and that wasn't that bad. Up to there. We got there at 11 and we were expecting their breakfast menu, which they didn't give to us because we had a table around 11:20. My boyfriend ordered theGrilled Cheese Sandwich and I ordered B.L.A.T. which we had to wait almost an hour for. We asked the waitress when our food was coming twice, because we got our checks way before we got our meals. Our waitress was so rude to us, she almost seemed to be eager to have us leave before we were even served. I initially wanted to try their dessert menu, but our waitress handed us our check before I had the chance to even mention dessert. Their food was nothing to rave about, and their service was absolutely terrible. The only nice things about this restaurant was their complimentary bottled water and sparkling water, and the interior design. I would never return to this restaurant or recommend it to my friends if they would get the same hostile treatment we did.	0
Food came out cold and they forgot most of our order. Maybe just a one off but I won't be going again.	0
The first time I came to Friedman's I had a wonderful experience, but this past Sunday was pretty sad and pathetic on my part for waiting an hour and a half to sit down. We were first offered a seat at the communal table, which if you have ever gone inside is a debacle in its self since all the people waiting to seat are standing, watching, and breathing all over you and your food. The manager said if you want to sit there I can ask the people to stand back. I kindly declined and said we would wait for a table. Another 15 minutes later, we did not get a table, instead we had to settle for two seats at the bar, which was just as bad as the communal table. When we went to order they were out of the fried green tomatoes which was pretty disappointing because I was excited to impress my boyfriend with a delicious brunch, his favorite meal of the day, with one of his favorite foods- green tomatoes!  Not only was my omelette bland, but they charged me an additional $2 to switch out the whole wheat toast for what looked like a mini biscuit. On top of it, the barista was super busy and yet the manager felt the need to order himself a specialty hot chocolate. Even more annoying than that, the manager was insisting on seating some people he knew who were waiting a measly 30 minutes ahead of 6 other parties that were waiting over an hour already.  I get that the food is good, but honestly for a wait that long, service mediocre, and snobby managers, likely I won't return of recommend this place.	0
Yet another disappointing brunch experience in NYC.  Bah.  Definitely not worth waiting 45 minutes for mediocre brunch at a high price tag. Had the southern breakfast.  Biscuit was hard, dry and literally inedible because they must have tripled the baking soda in the recipe by accident.  First time I've actually had to spit something out at a restaurant.  Left a really bad bitter taste in my mouth even through the end of the meal.  The manager was really nice about it when I let him know though -- went and tasted/confirmed and hopefully told the cooks not to serve them to anyone else.  Swapped out for toast.   Not sure why people think the fried green tomatoes are so amazing here.  They were kinda cold, greasy and the batter didn't have much flavor.  The grits were the saving grace though -- very creamy and rich.  Overall portion was pretty small for what you get -- although I wouldn't have wanted more of this mediocre dish. Brunch cocktails are nice and they have a pretty reasonable wine selection as well. The ambiance here is nice and really feels very New Yorky.  The service was okay -- brunch service is always pretty slow, but they made an effort to make sure we had everything we needed.	0
I don't know why this place is so popular. I ordered brick pressed chicken and my friend ordered the famous fried chicken and waffle. We waited 50 minutes for these two dishes which was not okay. The brick pressed chicken was extremely salty. It was the saltiest food i've ever had in my life and the fried chicken and waffle was just okay. If you want to try their very famous fried chicken and waffle I suggest you to get a waffle from a good dessert place and chicken from KFC or Popeyes because their chicken is way better. Staff was really nice but food wasn't worth the money.	0
After the 1 hour wait and the great Yelp reviews, i was really looking forward to an amazing brunch. What I ended up getting however, was a very average experience. The service was pretty good, so no complaints there - but the food totally fell flat. I had the Southern breakfast, with 2 sunny side up eggs, biscuit, cheddar grits and fried green tomatoes. Let me start with the best first - the fried green tomatoes were awesome! Perfectly cooked, and they really used the right kind of tomatoes. The cheddar grits were absolutely forgettable - weird texture and a weird taste. The biscuit was too dry and not flaky enough - nothing about my plate really reminded me of good southern comfort food, unfortunately.  Other things ordered on the table were egg white scramble with avocado, which I have to say was weird - the avocados were simply thrown on top of the scramble, making it hard to eat and the textures just did not go! And what can I say about the chicken sausage - it was just nasty looking AND nasty tasting.. again a big issue with the texture and the taste was soooo unappetizing. All in all, definitely not worth the wait or the money!	0
Good brunch spot in mid-town. On Memorial Day, the wait was about 45 minutes. I am unsure of what time it would be on a weekend, probably long. I got the pastrami hash (SUPER greasy) and my husband got the Southern Egg plate (comes with cheese grits, biscuits, eggs, and fried green tomatoes).  I would NOT recommend the hash just because it was so greasy. It tasted good, but I was immediately grossed out once I saw the 1 centimeter pool of oil it was sitting in at the bottom of the bowl. G-R-O-S-S. The apple cinnamon butter that came with our dishes' was delicious though. My husband's dish was a-OK, the highlight were the cheese grits.  I would be willing to try this place again, but since both our dishes were mediocre, I'll probably try a different brunch place.	0
I got a yelp account just to write this review.  I was really disappointed with everything, we ordered two servings of chicken and waffles and a Tomato soup.  The tomato  soup was terrible, it was really watery and tasteless.  As for the chicken and waffles the chicken had no flavor you had to drench it in the syrup to make it taste like something although that something is not that great either.  And to top it all off one of the chicken and waffle servings was all bones NOT worth the $18. Out of all the places I've gone to have chicken and waffles in the city this has been the worst and most expensive.	0
This place might be succumbing to its Yelp success. I came in at 9 on a Tuesday by myself. The menu looked promising...the breakfast sandwiches in particular looked delicious. I was seated quickly at the counter and promptly forgotten. I waited for ten minutes, coffeeless and alone, before heading to a place that understands how to deal with rush hour.	0
I arrived right at opening. The restaurant was empty.  Because i was by myself, they would not allow me to sit at any of the 8 empty tables for two....only at the bar or comunal table.	0
Came here yesterday for brunch - we were told the wait would be 45 minutes to an hour, and it was just about an hour.  I don't really have an issue with the wait - it is what it is, however the hostess in charge of seating parties didn't seem to really be all that efficient, leaving large tables empty for long periods of time.  It was possible indeed for a party of 5 or 6 to walk in and be seated immediately, while parties of 2 were waiting for 45 min + because she didn't want to seat multiple parties at the large table up front. Okay, so my biggest pet peeve is I think this place does not have the right strategy when pricing their meal. I felt nickel and dimed to a certain extent the entire meal... 1. ordered coffee (was charged $3.81) with no explanation. 2. friend ordered coffee and was charged $2.45 with no explanation We asked what was going on - they said, oh sorry, to stay it is $3.81, to go it is $2.45ish (don't know what the exact number is), because to stay you can get refills.  That's fine -- just tell us up front. 3. we sit down to order - I wanted to order the southern breakfast with fried green tomatoes.  I was told they were out of fried green tomatoes but they could substitute something else.  However, when i wanted to substitute chicken sausage, they said no - it's a different price.  BUT it isn't a different price on the menu. They are both listed as $6.00.  This was AFTER being told that what normally is integral to the meal (fried green tomatoes) was not available.  Talk about being accommodating... We debated and finally she came back to tell me they could give me one patty instead of 2. Huh? Fine - so then we decide to order the eggs with style but substitute the toast for a biscuit.  Again, another $1.00 charge.  That to me was more understandable, but it just sort of showed all the inflexibility of the kitchen/mgmt. If it's all so difficult - just raise your prices a dollar or two so your customers don't feel pinched everytime they ask for something! Anyhow - food is fine, service not so great...definitely not worth the hour wait.	0
Waited for an hour to enter this place. The place is cozy and cute. I was super excited for the chicken sausage as my side in my dish, but I was not satisfied at all. It had some weird taste, something about the oil. In fact even the other side - the potato pancake wasn't appetizing either. However, my sister had this omelette with avocado and mixed veggies, that was yum. I would recommend that if at all you choose to have eggs. They had these house made butter with the toast- that was interesting. Had berries in it.  I also had the green tea and ginkgo. That was awesome! A good hangover cure ;) Overall, I found it a relatively decent place.	0
I went to a late lunch here with my co-workers. One of them has celiac so the gluten-free menu was a big draw.  Everyone really enjoyed the food, myself included; I had the turkey sandwich which was delicious and not dry at all, as can be the case when getting real roast turkey. Only complaint: one of their bus staff was REALLY CREEPY and kept staring at me and giving me the dirtiest of looks for no apparent reason. Not only that, but he would make noises or whisper at me every time he walked by the table. I tried to ignore him, but it is really difficult to do so. My coworkers noticed it too and confirmed that I wasn't imagining it. Let's be clear: I had no interaction with this man other than giving him a discouraging look when I noticed he was staring.  At one point he even slammed a silverware drawer to make noise to attract my attention when I was trying to ignore him, only to give me another really menacing look. I wrote management after I left, as I did not want to cause a scene at the restaurant, but I never received a response. This all happened near the end of January.  So, too bad because the food and place itself were both great, but I am more or less afraid to ever go back there.	0
terrible service. spilled beer on my friend, spilled coffee on  me and then we overheard the waitstaff making fun of our reaction to this. They did bring $5 over to cover dry cleaning when they heard my friend complaining that her now beer soaked pants were dry clean only - but where in NYC can you dry clean pants for $5. Worst part was them talking about us like some little high school children. So unprofessional. Waters were never filled. Waitress had to be flagged down to even bring the check.  OH and the food was not good! The location in Chelsea Market is great but this location seems like a totally different restaurant. Don't bother.	0
I don't care about the food when I watched three other groups with a party of four seated at very comfortable tables walk in after us, get in line after us and seated before us. They will not seat you as a party of three when they can seat four. I contested this with the staff and they denied this practice.  Then promptly seated our party of three at a table for two. How do I say?... F#cking bullsh!t. That's not how you should treat people. I will never be back!	0
Walked in and attempted to get a table. Yelled at by the hostess because I wasn't pushing her customers over to walk inside quickly enough. Hour long wait at 2:30pm on a Sunday. The food may be good, but we didn't get a chance to find out.  We walked a couple buildings down to Pennsylvania6 and it was great. The waitstaff there is friendly and they certainly don't yell at you!	0
Not sure what the rave is about this restaurant. I ordered a standard breakfast consisting of two over-easy eggs, chicken sausages, potatoes, toast and coffee. The potatoes were tasty, especially with the NYC hot sauce they serve. Everything else was a disappointment. The eggs were pretty disgusting to the point that I couldn't even eat them. I appreciate the effort to be health cautious but frying eggs without any oils results to a very dry and unappetizing egg.  On top of that, the whites of my over-easy egg was raw, I usually don't mind it but it was too the point it was thick and gooey. The chicken sausage was a little heavy handed in a spice...either sage/savoury. Had to leave that back too. The coffee tasted like something I would pick up at a gas station.  My husband had the pastrami hash. That was pretty tasty. Nothing extraordinary but he had no issues eating every bit of it.  Definitely not worth going back to since there are so many other restaurants.	0
Decent food, but the kitchen was slllooooooowwww.  Clearly a problem as the waitstaff was clustered at the pass through and nothing was coming out for ages.  The waitstaff was EXCELLENT in keeping the patrons patient.	0
We arrived on Sunday just 5 minute before they closed their kitchen for the afternoon.  Technically speaking they could have still served us, and they were extremely rude about.  I do not recommend this place.  Further, the place was empty which infuriates me even more.	0
Had only half of the breakfast items that were from the yelp pics.  No eggs benedict, no chicken and waffles, not what I was expecting.	0
A restaurant with a four star review in a place with a thriving Yelp community like New York City is usually a safe bet. But this place was so mediocre. If we had stumbled in here by accident, it would have been just ok. But the promise of Yelp raised our expectations. Plus, we had to work hard for a table. They don't take reservations, and the wait was almost an hour. Surely, delicious food awaited us inside! But, alas, all three dishes ordered by our group were bland and uninspired. Plus the coffee was undrinkable (both the drip and the espresso!). The waitress was pleasant enough, but missed little things like refilling our water. It was probably more of 2.75 star experience, but I'm rounding down since the other reviews seem to have inflated the overall rating. So sad.	0
Whatever you do- don't get the corned beef hash. By far, a disappointment- the regular cook must have been out the day I had it (apparently some people on Yelp love it) because it was 50% onions and the other 50% was unedible, salty over smoked chuck roast that was chewy. And the other great brunch items are only avail on the weekend. The service is not particularly friendly, more perfunctory than nice and they wouldn't give us a booth as we requested since there was only two of us (it was a work meeting, so some laptop real estate would have been nice), and I generally don't like hostesses who are obviously having a slow morning, have three open booths and yet, deny customer service. Not bitter, but just saying- tighten it up, Friedman's.	0
Waited 50 minutes for brunch then sat. Ipad buzztext notification was nice. Ordered the pulled pork Benedict. The Benedict arrived the same temperature as the salad. Tasted ok. Nothing special, not worth the wait IMO.	0
This place is right next to my office, so I went here for lunch with some coworkers.  There was a few minutes wait...for a weekday lunch. We got waters fast, but the food took awhile to arrive. I had the turkey burger with sweet potato fries. The turkey burger was made from what appeared to be a frozen patty that contained something non-turkey in it. There was a thin piece of cheese on it, and it was served on a tiny stale bun. It was slightly larger than a slider. Seriously, a frozen patty with a piece of cheese and a stale bun. No lettuce, tomato, nothing. The sweet potato fries were soggy. That's all I remember about them. There was nothing good about this meal. I would have not finished it, except my coworker was paying for it and didn't want to offend her.	0
We went to this place because it was rated highly. It took half an hour to 45 minutes to get our food. Admittedly, it was pretty crowded but still, why does it take so long to make a sandwich and scrambled eggs? The sandwich (egg, avocado and bacon) was pretty tasty. The scrambled eggs came with super dry toast and extremely oily potatoes that were otherwise tasteless.	0
A fantastic dining experience if you enjoy pubic hair and the chemical smell of rubbing alcohol in your food. I just tried the basalmic chicken sandwich and was lucky enough to experience both of those things.	0
Another overly hyped let down.  This place seats about 20 people which makes it seem ultra-exclusive. I'm so over this concept.   Started off with two glasses of wine and the sliders that everyone raves about. They were good but not something I was mind-blown over. I mean, really...come on people. It's not that good!  Also ordered the eggplant appetizer, which was $9 and a very small portion. Complete let down. Basically just cooked eggplant with some tomato sauce and a few cut-up heirloom tomatoes on top. Nothing I couldn't make for myself at home.  My friend and I shared the whole fish that came with a side of lobster risotto. Our server came by to fillet the fish for us, which was nice. The fish had a very pleasant flavor but nothing too special. The lobster risotto was super bland!  We also got a side of kale, which was nicely cooked.  Ordered two glasses of champagne to end the night. We were charged $22 per glass. Yes, you read that right - $22 per glass. Total check for everything listed about was $150!  And I left hungry. Ouch. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Ever.	0
Let me just say that food wise it was a 3.5-4 star ordeal, but service was what pulled the overall rating down. We managed to get a 5:45pm reservation and the host at the door was super friendly and greeted me before I sat down. It is a very intimate space with tables a few inches away from each other so hearing other conversations is inevitable. Our server, Jorge R. (At least that's what it says on the receipt...short chubby bald guy with an accent), immediately started giving us an attitude when taking our order and was really impatient when we had questions about the dishes and substitutions. Okay fine, I would have brushed it off if he had not seemed pissed at us the entire freakin night and then proceeded to explicitly write on the check that gratuity is not included with a big circle around the 18-20% guideline. I've never seen that before especially from a restaurant of this caliber and the table next to us were two male Asians and he explicitly explained to them that it was not included either. As I said, it is a small place so I literally did not hear or see him do that to ANYONE ELSE, not even the table full of five middle age Caucasian ladies next to us, which he seemed way happier and friendly to serve. Even our water boy had more patience and kindness when I had to keep asking for condiments for the bread. I found Jorge's behavior extremely offensive and judgmental and it just ruined my dining experience. Meatball sliders weren't what they hyped up to be...it was big on the herbs. I also read if you get a nice server, they comp you on a fourth slider if you're sharing the dish. Well obviously that did not happen with Jorge. Pork chop was chewy and beans were subbed with brussel sprouts and the sweet and spicy sauce for that was not spread out consistently. Fried chicken was the winner of the meal and the sauce fantastic...was not dry at all like majority of other places. Personal preference but brussel sprouts could've been cooked a bit more. Great portions. French donuts with nutella and cinnamon were underwhelming and dry, and souffle, like others said, was more of a lava cake with really good espresso gelato.	0
Cozy little place. Pancakes were good and burger was decent but unfortunately our waitress was MIA the entire time.  She practically disappeared after taking our order.  I'm disappointed by the lack of service given the reputation of this establishment.  Not sure I'd come back with so many other options to choose from.	0
Service was nice and friendly.  Food was cooked well but unfortunately very boring. Not sure why there was so much hype over this restaurant.	0
Cute and nice place but way too small.  Celebrated our anniversary here tonight as the reviews drove us here.  She ordered the meatball sliders to start and the salmon for dinner.  I ordered the calamari to start and the famous pork chop.  First - sliders were good but nothing to die for. Calamari isn't anything to write home about.  Dinner - pork chop - ok had better at another place called Babbo. Salmon she liked.  Staff - waitress was very helpful and friendly.  Bad - someone requested a table for 5 and they decided to sit them next to us which made it really crowded and moved us right in the middle where everyone walks pass to go to the restroom.  Also bread came out after the apps.  Wouldn't go back.	0
7/5/13 Can we get some Air Conditioning up in here?!? Brutal start to the summer heat wave followed us right inside Little Owl.  I never thought I'd be writing a review about being so uncomfortable during a meal.  But, that's just about all I recall of our night here.  The temp readout on the AC unit that we saw read as high as 84.  I was miserable.  I literally felt beads of sweat running down my chest and back during our dinner and went to the washroom to towel off, which barely helped.  I couldn't wait to get out of here.   Lucky for us our food came out right on top of each other.  Like before things were even cleared.  Amuses, tomato and melon salad, soft shell crab, halibut, salmon, and an apple strudel for dessert all done in just over an hour.  That shouldn't happen at a fine restaurant.  Neither should a sauna like setting with no apology or comp.   Fine by me, I was ready to cool off on the sweltering subway platform.  Utter disappointment with Little Owl.	0
its alrite, dont think its like crazy special, meatball  and crabcake was good, my girls salmon was whatever, lambshank was ok service was good	0
2.5 Stars rounded down in this case.  I went here for lunch and was very disappointed. For the price, the quality, the portion size, this place was not very good. The place was fairly empty, which may explain that it's just not a good lunch/brunch spot. I heard this place is amazing from yelp and other sources, so I'm hoping to give another shot someday for their dinner.	0
The food was good, the wait staff attentive, and the host chatty. This is a small place with 11 tables and although. They take walk ins, request  reservations.  The only  availability for me was 5:00.  The place had about 3 other patron's.  A Latin couple came in and seated themselves , as  the host was not at the door .  The waitress told them they needed to check in.  So they got back up and went to the front door and the host asked if they had a reservation? And they told them they could not serve them. Not even a minute later, 2 middle age white women came in without a reservation,  and I heard the host say, " yes , I can seat you,we had a no show at 5:00" They were seated at the very same table . This was enough to ruin my dining experience.	0
I have wanting to try this place for awhile and I was pretty disappointed overall. I don't get what the big deal is. The food was bland and nothing special. I've had MUCH better culinary experiences.	0
Wow I am surprised at the good ratings for this place I guess it is the charm of the location of it. The steak I got 3 bites out of it the rest was fat. My companion had the whole fish she ordered it cooked well with no oil. The fish arrived undercooked and drenched in oil.  Terrible food &amp; experience. This is a pass. I do not recommend it.	0
HYPE! Dull, bland food. No salt, no seasonings. Are they not tasting this stuff in the kitchen before sending it out? Cocky! Lunch entree: gummy, flavorless lobster risotto w/3 nubbins of meat. Baby food! Polenta looked good but had zero taste. Brussels sprouts more raw than cooked. Re: salt fail: sliders so over-salted, barely edible. The place's front door closes so slowly, the room was freezing. And cramped. ("Cozy" is a euphemism.) You can make more interesting dishes at home for a lot less money, &amp; you won't be sitting inside someone else's conversation..	0
I love brunch. I love the idea of a relaxing weekend meal that combines the best of both breakfast and lunch. I love the brunch conversations that consist of catching up on the last week with my brunch partner (usually my boyfriend). But I absolutely hated Little Owl.  I had such high hopes for this place but they failed both in service and food. Our server was a hipster who was way too old to be a hipster who had the most forced smile ever. She didn't really do anything wrong but what irked me the most was that we were SOOOO rushed. We were in and out of Little Owl in 32 minutes. Relaxing brunch? NOPE. I ordered the poached eggs, thinking it would be a dependable and safe choice. Out came 2 tiny ass eggs that took up maybe 30% of the entire plate. According to the menu, these were to be served on top of a "fontina sausage biscuit" leading me to think that there was fontina and sausage on/in it. NOPE. Just a flimsy thin ol' "biscuit", if you could even call it a biscuit. I was still STARVING after brunch and I don't even eat that much. WORST. BRUNCH. EXPERIENCE. EVER.	0
Little Owl is one of the places that locals consistently recommend to me when I ask about dining out in NYC.  So I had to give it a try to see if it lived up to all the hype.  The verdict?  Well, it's just okay and nothing to rave about.   On the night that I went, the quality of food varied greatly, some dishes were outstanding while others ranged from average to disappointing.  The top dishes include the foie and endive salad(a simply amazing pairing), lamb sliders, and the beignet dessert.  Our fish entrees were over salted and slightly overcooked.  To sum it up, the appetizers were great, the entrees sucked and the desserts were good.  Overall, an underwhelming dining experience for a place that's supposed to be great.   The experience was only worsened by the fact that they misplaced my umbrella after the host made a big deal of where I had to hang it when I arrived for dinner.  His promise to reach out to me if anyone returned it or otherwise mail me a similar replacement never materialized.  While I don't expect an immaculate level of service, I do expect a follow up when they were the ones who offered to do so.  Based on the fact that I spent the same amount for dinner at Little Owl as I spent at more upscale restaurants earlier in the week and the food was not consistently good: I won't be back.	0
To me, this place was like "hipsters play restaurant."  I promise I'm not hating on their success and I'm glad everyone else is so entranced by it.  They seem to have  mastered the art of good restaurant, over which they are extremely pleased with themselves. That's not to say it wasn't decent food or that the service wasn't pleasant.  However, I'm pretty sure the reverance is due to equal parts hype and limited supply met with competence.  I've been to Market Table a few times, which is supposedly from the same group of people and had a similar impression. I guess I can see why people like this place.  It's tiny so it seems exclusive and desirable.  The ceiling and the full walls of windows are cool and the food is good...not great, good.  The focus of the meals are style, not substance.  The wine list is okay and it looks quaint enough to film a rom-com fall-in-love dinner scene in this joint.  If you like when Hugh Grant falls in love with Jennifer Lopez or when a ruggedly handsome Hugh Jackman pirate travels through time to fall in love with modern day Jennifer Aniston (who's playing a pediatric oncology veterinarian nurse), you will love Little Owl. If I walked into this place with no expectations, I'd say "solid three and a half stars, rounded up to four."  However, with all the hype and the hoopla getting a table here, I found myself waiting for something memorable or amazing and it just never happened.  This could be a solid usual spot, but they are way too hip and way, way, way too oversolicited to ever come back on my own time and dime.	0
I had high expectations for Little Owl, but I guess that's my own fault.  No bread basket, no coffee offered.  I had Smoked Salmon &amp; Eggs, which was pretty average...nothing memorable.  When I get small portions I expect something absolutely delectable.  I did have a Bellini which was good, but a bit overpriced.  Oh well, you live you learn. Oh the outside shots for the "Friends" building were filmed right above this restaurant...little fun fact :)	0
ambiance//*** cute set-up like you're in someone's house....except that means parties should be 2 +- 1 because any bigger than that and you'll be waiting a long time not to mention you'll be rubbing elbows with other people...hong kong style service//*** everyone was pleasant...somehow despite the crowdedness they were able to deliver everything quickly without being pushy food//** the highly raved meatball sliders were a bit disappointing food in general was ok...i had expectations because of the wait ~*~ fantastically charming decor  + nice waitstaff more for the ambiance than anything else...although i've heard their brunch is much better~	0
The food was not exceptional. We saw Julianne Moore.	0
Maybe I'm spoiled because I've lived in Seattle for the past few years, after over a decade in New York, but I haven't had fish this overcooked and oversalted since, well, the last time I ate fish somewhere outside of the Pacific Northwest. And for the cost of about 1/3 to twice as much more, for a miniscule portion size of a fish, at an even smaller table, crammed on top of your neighbors, and attempting dinner conversation in a din bordering on deafening in this tiny room, while being condescended to by über-pretentious servers, (I'm guessing the attitude comes from the honor of waiting tables at Little Owl), this was the antithesis of a pleasurable dining experience.  They might as well switch out all the two-tops for a big farmhouse table and call communal dining the next big trend: (also see: Seattle:fail), which would probably fly in New York since everyone is already used to sitting with their neighbors and pretending they can't hear their conversations.  The bibb and beets salad was drowning in flavorless, oily dressing, and I felt sorry for the aforementioned halibut that was overcooked and atop a "chive mash" that was so salty it killed every other flavor on the palate. I can't remember the prices but suffice to say the pretention continues on the website as the online menu doesn't list them. I do have a memory that a meal for two including two appetizers, two entrees, and just one glass of wine (seriously!), no dessert ran around $200. Ridiculous. Apparently this place is renowned for the meat dishes: burgers, the meatballs, and pork chop. I had no idea. Figured such a tiny place with such massive acclaim would perfect every dish on their tiny menu. But alas, vegetarians and pescetarians: clearly this isn't the case, unless you're content to simply swallow your overcooked, oversalted, overpriced meal and feel satisfied with the cache that comes with saying you dined next to Michael Kors. I don't get the hype. Oh yeah, I remember. It's the "emperor with new clothes" hoopla that drives so much of what is trendy in NYC at whatever minute this is. And for this price it's downright offensive to patrons who aren't as enamored with the prestige of getting a table at Little Owl than the food they're consuming.	0
I had really high hopes for this place, but it just wasn't good especially for the prices. The atmosphere was cute, but that was about all it had to offer. The slider was good (had to try it since it has been raved about), but 20 bucks for 4 of them was just not worth it. The crispy chicken was decent, but the brussel sprouts under them were pretty much raw. You can find much better food at way better prices.	0
I have not eaten here an d won't...what bothers me is the fact that everyone else puts prices on the menu, and they choose to leave it out.   It is one of at least three criteria that I look for when choosing a restaurant.	0
I love lobster rolls. My standards are high because my first lobster roll was right on the pacific coast of Maine itself. This is my second time at Luke's, and I am disappointed. Their lobster roll is COLD.. Wtf? And small as fuck. Lobster rolls in Maine are $15 or less yes, but it's at least TWICE as big as Luke's has to offer. I also got the clam chowder because everyone was raving about it on yelp.. Really? Au Bon pain has better clam chowder than this salty bowl of "clam chowda." And it's $8. That's almost $9 after tax.  So disappointed. Don't understand how this chain is thriving when they're robbing their customers and claiming to say they're the "taste of Maine"  Oh please.	0
It's fine. Overpriced. And I'm totally ok with paying too much for a really amazing sandwich but this was not a really amazing sandwich. It was fine. Props to the owners for an idea that's just unique enough to draw interest.	0
I'm from Maine and I've had my fair share of lobster and lobster rolls. Although not bad Luke's lobster rolls were a little disappointing. First, I will give props to the spices, lack of fillers and the proper use of a New England hot dog bun. These were all highlights and what you'd expect from a good lobster roll. Also, it was fresh and the claw meat was tender. A+ However, a real/proper lobster roll should have more than just the claw meat and it should most definitely have more than a 1/4 lb of meat. Come on Luke...you're from Maine! Don't try to pass this off as authentic if you're gonna skimp! A true lobster roll should have at least 1 (yes ONE) WHOLE lobster (claw, tail - best part - legs, etc). There's a place in Dixfield, ME called Rowe's. Their rolls have one and a half lobsters in it...for $17.00. Wanna talk about a real lobster roll? Try it, you won't be disappointed. Next...last time I checked, crabs were NOT a Maine thing. Taste of Maine would be lobster and clams. Maybe shrimp...but that's a stretch. I was also disappointed that I couldn't get a steamed lobster. How do you have a place like that and not actually sell live or steamed lobster?! Tragic! I'm sad that this place isn't more 'authentic' for those of you who don't know the difference. I wanted to love this place but I guess it wasn't in the cards.	0
I honestly have no clue what all the hype is about this place how in the world it has 4 stars. Maybe it's the fact that most of its reviewers have never had an authentic lobster roll from Maine... I really don't know. If it's your first time eating a lobster roll, I wouldn't recommend losing your virgin taste buds at this knock off lobster roll joint. Just plan a weekend getaway, hop on the megabus and go to freaking Maine for the real lobster roll experience. This commercialized, wannabe lobster roll joint offers you bite sized portions, cold lobster straight outta the freezer and is not fresh nor is it flavorful. For $15 this place is a complete rip off. I'm sorry but to be honest, you'll probably enjoy a better meal off of the Mcdonalds dollar menu.	0
I have little to none experience with Lobster rolls, however, personally I cannot understand why you would serve lovely warm buttered rolls which were delectable but then suddenly you feel ICE COLD lobster on your palate. It's just not pleasurabe. My experience with lobster is mostly pasta or warm dishes, and the lobster did taste and smell very fresh, just off putting on the freezing temp	0
I had to break up with Luke. And I'm never going back to him. Even tho the food is absolutely delicious (albeit pricey), the service is consistently miserable. The people who work there have either have been brow beaten into some sort of 'don't' think outside the box' role, or just can't use their brains. I have a few stories, but here was my final straw with them:  Me "I'll have the Crab Roll this time, please. Here is my frequent diner card." Them "This is a Lobster Roll Card. You got a Crab Roll." Me "There are different cards?" Them "Yes" Me "Ok, then can I have a Crab Card?" Them "No." blank stare.... I thought he was kidding... Me "Ha Ha!"  pause pause  "I can't have a Crab Card?" Them "No, you have a Lobster Card" Me "What? My friend just used a Crab Card when she ordered the Crab Roll. I just ordered a Crab Roll but I can't?" Them "Right" Me- confused look on my face Them "She doesn't eat lobster." Me "So because I eat lobster,  I can only have a Lobster Card?" Them "Yes" Me "Even though I just ordered a Crab Roll?" Them "Yes" Me "Seriously?" Them "Yes" What?? This is a FREQUENT DINER CARD PEOPLE. The entire purpose of it is to get people to come back. You have them stapled to wall to show off your repeat customers!  I can only have one or the other but I can't have both? Why do you even have two? Is the price point THAT different? And if you didn't know I ate lobster you would have given me a card? I'm still so confused. This might be the dumbest customer loyalty program in the world. He was miserable and unhelpful. If I hadn't already paid I really would have left.  First World Problems, I realize, but still. Makes no sense and I got the dumbest reasoning for it.  You have now lost a frequent customer due to your frequent customer program. Solid platform.	0
This place is A LOT of hype and that's about it. My bf and I went here for our anniversary. We were looking for low-key but good food and thought this place seemed promising. I was very disappointed. The place is super cramped so you pretty much are sitting on top of everyone else when you go. We ordered the Noah's Ark which was $44 (approx.) for a lobster roll, shrimp roll and crab roll all split in half. The rolls were tiny and had little flavor. Pretty much all you could taste was butter. They try to explain this away by saying they're "Maine style" but seriously, if Maine style is just overly buttered cold seafood, why would you open a restaurant that served only that? My favorite part of the meal was the pickle and the root beer. This was a very expensive, very disappointing meal and I was hungry about 20 minutes later. This was very very far from the best $50 I ever spent.	0
my love of seafood, the four star rating and the delicious looking pics lured me in. i ordered the taste of main. Which is the half lobster roll, half shrimp roll and half crab roll ( i believe). The meal costed me about $22. i guess i had high expectations because of the price and location but i was let down. The rolls had no flavor and looked like they were put together at a backyard cook out.	0
Came back into town, and picked-up two lobster rolls which were fantastic. Service was friendly and quick. The lobster roll was tender, and just hit the spot.  Then ordered two days later for delivery, they said it would take 20 minutes. Called back 45 minutes later when my food was still not delivered. They just told me everything was out, and hung up. When I called back to inquire - they just stopped answering my calls.  My food did come 10 minutes later (it was only a one block delivery), and the delivery guy looked puzzled when the tip was not very good.   The food that was there was good, but the two claws that came with the meal was missing.  After they stopped answering my calls - I didn't even bother to call back again.	0
I frequent their trucks as well as their East Village location, and I used to think this place had the bomb lobster roll.  My wife and I went back here last Thursday for lunch and it was the same as it ever was - what I thought was a good lobster roll. But NO MORE. It dawned on me that this lobster, alongside Red Hook, and Pearl, and every other lobster joint in the city, is using frozen or previously-picked (meaning, picked at least a few days  before and refrigerated) lobster meat.  This kind of Lobster Roll production is a detriment to the craft and is disrespectful to the product.  It's a real shame.   I was up in CT and went an old run-down lobster shack where they steam the lobsters every morning, pick the meat themselves, and put it on the buttered roll.  There was just so much lobster flavor - SO MUCH MORE than I was used to. Do this for me: go to Luke's Lobster.  Get a lobster roll.  Pull off a piece of Lobster and eat it.  Do you actually taste anything?  Is there actually any real lobster flavor?  I guarantee they're not steaming their own lobsters, so where does the meat come from?  It is totally flavorless.   I like the vibe (and love the whoopie pie) and appreciate the whole Maine thing.  I would love it if they could freshen-up their practices.  Somewhere, somebody is going to open a real lobster shack in the city and do it right...and that person will enjoy much success.   Until then, as with every other lobster joint in the city,  its going to be just a "meh".	0
How were we soooo disappointed? And this is the 3rd time I've been here! Two words that truly ruin it for me evvvverytime: CUSTOMER SERVICE "Hey, we'd like to spend $40 and purchase the Noah's Ark please?" Whether we spend $4 or $40, I expect the same service every time, anywhere. Working in the service industry taught me how important this is, and it shocks me how many restaurants/eats in Manhattan forget about this. The Noah's Ark is awesome; 6 mini sandwiches, 4 giant crab claws, chips and drinks. Perfect for two, thus the reason my boyfriend and I ordered it. Unfortunately they were out of crab claws, so we had some crab bisque instead. It was bad, like really bad, so I kindly requested it to be traded for clam chowder.  "I'm sorry but we can't give refunds after it's been eaten." "But I didn't eat it. We tried it yes, and it was bad." I wasn't about to point out how it was obviously still full. "Sorry but we can't give a refund." I wasn't sure if she misunderstood me when I asked to TRADE MY CRAB BISQUE FOR CLAM CHOWDER, but either way....if your food is bad you should always replace it.	0
Rolls are basically seafood on bread. They lack taste and seasoning. Also, extremely expensive for the amount you get. The Noah's Ark for 2 literally feeds 1 person. Skip this place and grab a roll from The Lobster Place at Chelsea Market if you can.	0
I was wanting to try this place for the longest time. I was excited because of the great reviews. The rolls were tasteless and ice cold (the bun was warm, the fillings ice cold). The lobster had no taste, the shrimp had no taste, the crab was marginally better. I have eaten tons of fresh lobster and shrimp and, as a chef, cooked my fair share. No flavor at all. I was disappointed. The staff seems very nice. The Maine root beer was the best root beer I have ever tasted!	0
DOn't get me wrong, the food is delicious! It truly is! For the food alone and quality, I would give this place 5 stars.  HOWEVER.... For $23, you get a very small portion of a shrimp roll, crab roll, and lobster roll. The rolls are awesome and definitely can be appreciated by anyone looking for or who enjoys good quality seafood. But i was starving after I left...and this is after eating the mini rolls, a bag of chips, and a pickle. AS someone who eats very little in general, I found the quantity to be lacking for the price that's charged (if I may be more blunt, it's way overpriced for the actual amount of food that you get!) Second, the service is sub par. IT was my first time entering this place and when I entered, it was empty...I walked up to the counter, and the guy behind the counter just blankly stares at me and states "Can I help you?" Then when I placed my order, and asked about the soda, he said "They're up there!" and points above his head to a row of soda samples/flavors, then immediately returns his attention to the register (even though there was no one else in line, and it was empty). He wasn't friendly in the least bit. We weren't greeted with a smile or any friendliness, and perhaps ti's just me, but if I'm spending money at an establishment, the employees need to have better attitudes and customer service skills.  As the place became busier over time (my friend and I were there for maybe 45 minutes, tops), the same guy from behind the register kept coming to our seated area asking "May I take your tray?" We felt very rushed, although there were at least 2 other couples in the establishment who were there prior to us and were just sipping their bottles of soda. He never once asked them in a rushed manner if he could take their trays. Finally, this place is SMALL! Too small to sit and enjoy your meal without feeling rushed. When I pay a lot of money for my meal, I personally like having the pleasure of sitting down and enjoying, not  being ushered to eat faster b/c there are other people waiting on tables. Will I ever come here again? Probably not.I do like the quality of food but so many other factors (such as the price, very small spacing, rushed atmosphere, and unpleasant staff) that make it a place I'm unlikely to return to. I'll spend my $25 elswhere on seafood.	0
Where I didn't eat was Luke's Lobster because it looked like a lunch hangout.  Where we went when we walked out of Luke's was Balon across the street which Yelp showed as Luke's and had a great dinner with outstanding service!	0
I thought it impossible but this place sucks all the flavor out of its lobster rolls. The lobster is always way too cold, barely garnished, and really small. The place is also super expensive. I don't understand why people like this spot. I guess the toasted bun is delicious and buttery but that's it. Red Hook Lobster Pound and Pearl's Oyster Bar are far superior.	0
I used to love Luke's. It was a quick and tasty. Unfortunately, I've recently noticed that with every visit, the lobster rolls (my go-to) become progressively smaller and smaller. The size of the bun remains, along with the price tag. However, the amount of meat has clearly declined over the years. Maybe this is pure luck in terms of my timing or maybe the particular UES location I've been frequenting. Sadly enough, as the size of the portions continues to decrease, so will my patronage. I don't need super sized portions - just give me some meat! Come on Luke, don't be stingy, spread the love!!	0
Sorry but I found this to be wildly overrated. The lobster is fresh. But I found the size of the sandwich to be comically small. A 4 or 5 inch roll. That's it. And part of the beauty of a good lobster roll, in my opinion, is the warm bread with fresh chilled lobster. The roll was hardly even room temperature. The staff was friendly. And it has a nice selection of soda and beers. But we basically left still hungry, despite having chips and slaw as well. My wife joked, "A nice snack, now where to for dinner??"  I'll stick to the heartier rolls up in New England.	0
If you are really lobster lover this would be a good choice but not for me so much. Taste good but very expensive for the volume.   Cost performance is not good.  I had crab, lobster, shrimp set with ginger drink and chips. Ginger drink was spicy and very strange taste, I wouldn't drink it again Visiting once would be enough and don't recommend much to my other friends.	0
Food was okay. Portions are a lot smaller than expected Service is mediocre. Food was not hot and so I sent it back to be heated and still came out room temperature. I prefer my food to be hot if it's suppose to be hot. I would not go again food and service are both mediocre.	0
I was less than impressed with Trattoria Trecolori.  I came here last Wednesday for a business lunch, there were about 14 of us, and the waitstaff was incredibly rude.  They seemed like they didn't want us to be there and regardless of whether or not that's true, I would think they'd be on their 'A' game since everyone knows company lunches, dinners, etc. ALWAYS end up costing a lot of money.  We ordered almost 6 appetizers, plenty of salads to share, and everyone ordered their own main meals.   Because there were so many of us, we asked for pitchers of water for the table so that we could refill our glasses as needed and the server replied "we'll come around and refill your glasses."  That never happened, not once.   Additionally, one of my co-workers ordered steak and when he wasn't happy with the way it was cooked the manager came over to him and advised him "he ordered wrong."  As an ex waitress of 5 years I totally understand that customers can get annoying and sometimes don't know what they're talking about, but I also know the golden rule in the service industry which is: "The customer is always right."  Clearly this rule does not exist in this establishment. I ordered the chicken parm with pasta and it tasted okay, nothing amazing.  My 2 co-workers who ordered veal dishes both got sick right after the lunch and remained ill for the rest of the day.  Scared that I could end up with a stomach ache as well I threw out my leftovers, even though I didn't experience any of the symptoms they did.   We sat in the upstairs section of the restaurant so I don't know if we would have had a more enjoyable experience if we sat somewhere else, but unless I'm going to a prepaid company lunch here I will not be returning.	0
Had a reservation last week for 6:15 PM, had a broadway show to get to at 8pm. We came in at 6:12 PM. We were told to wait a few minutes while our table is being prepared. 15 minutes goes by, still no table. They say hold on we are cleaning the table. Another 15 minutes minutes go by, by this time we are getting frustrated.  Its already 6:45, and our reservation was for 6:15. They tell us that they are waiting for people to get up, (these people could stay sitting for another 20 min.) What happened to the table you were "cleaning", did it magically disappear.  We left soon after and went next door to eat. It is ridiculous waiting nearly 40 minutes for a table when we had a reservation and came on time for them. Don't make reservations if you're not going to keep them. Horrible scheduling, very rude host. She was mad at us that we asked her about our table 3 times.  If I could I would give this place 0 stars.	0
I made a reservation here based on all of the reviews on Yelp. They offered a lasagna special and it sounded good to me. Lasagna with sausage. It came out to me looking like lasagna but it had no flavor or taste at all. The red sauce is so bland, I've never had a sauce so bland and the sausage was tasteless too. The place was packed and by the time we left there was a big waiting line. I really don't like bashing a restaurant but I don't think I would go back. The prices are very reasonable and the portions are normal sized portions, if you are a big eater you won't like it here. On a good note some of the bread they put out on the table was absolutely perfect. I don't think I will be going back here. Service was very good.	0
Not the best Italian in NYC but I'd say it's a decent option for theater district fare. I ordered the rigatoni with chicken and sun dried tomatoes. Sauce was tasty. Pasta was perfectly cooked. The chicken didn't taste very fresh... so I was a little put off by the meat. The food comes out quickly. At $18, I thought it was on the expensive side (for the same you could get fresh homemade pasta elsewhere!), but it's easy to get seating here and the servers are friendly enough.	0
Food wasn't bad, but the single star is solely based on the INCREDIBLY rude waiter who waited on us.  He was borderline hostile to our party of 3.  We're not sure why he was so rude to us; we initially thought that it might have been due to the fact that we weren't super hungry so we three shared a salad and 2 entrees, (though we did order a drink each!), but in retrospect, he was mean from the get-go, sarcastically commenting "care to share your thoughts with me?" when we replied to his question that we were ready to order.  He never once said thank you to us, even though we said thank you to him every time he brought anything over, and didn't bother checking up on us during our meal.  The last straw was when he TOSSED our bill on our table with nary a comment. Seriously!	0
Having made a reservation for 26 people a few weeks in advance, we expected to be seated when we arrived. Instead, my group and I waited for over 30 minutes until we were seated, and we were not given compensation of any sort. The food was a 3/5 at best --  the best dish in my opinion was the free bread they gave us as an appetizer -- but the service (or lack thereof) was disappointing.	0
Nope. Yelp seldom steers me wrong, but this was an exception to the rule. I asked twice for still water and was never brought any and was thirsty and cranky the entire meal (not a Pellegrino fan), which set a bad tone. I hate having to ask for an item multiple times, and I also hate not being checked on during a meal. I also found my dish, the Rigatoni Alla Trecolori to be mediocre at best. I expected more for a namesake dish. The sauce was watery, the sausage was scant and the dish was a bit flat overall. I did like the atmosphere, very neighborhood-y as others have mentioned, which was a welcome respite from many of the other more touristy spots within walking of our hotel. Wishing we'd made the commute to Little Italy instead for a more delectable dish.	0
First of all, if you get MJ as your waiter, ask for different server immediately. He was rude to my group and I from the start of our dining experience.  He yelled at me because I was taking the bottle of water to fill up my cup. He then proceeds to raise his voice at my lady friend because he did not think she was listening well enough during his presentation of the night's specials.  Later, he throws the check on the table and doesn't even thank us or acknowledge us for dining in.   However, I did notice that the interactions between the customers and other servers was positive and warm.  I wish we could have had the same experience.  The food was pretty good though.	0
For a restaurant so highly reviewed I would expect the service to be good..the servers aren't polite most of the times.. They hardly smile and tend to be stone faced most times.. Food is very ordinary and the ambience nothing great.	0
Our friend came to NYC visiting us and I picked this pace for dinner.  Ok, this is a new trick I have never seen. The main reason is their wine list (online). For example Amarone della Valpolicella Veneto Trabucchi 'Cereolo' '02 for just $65. When we get there, waiter told us non of the 100+ Italian wines on the list exist. He explained to us that the wine list is "old" and all they have are '10~'12. I am not sure it is legal to do this.  Since we were already there, we decided to swallow the sour. The food is in average. My LINGUINE NERE alla MONSIGNORE is over salted. One our of six clam in my dish is not fresh. The service is good, except the locked-up bathroom for men. we were told to used lady's room instead. I think every restaurant must have their budget. If you are near Time Square and spend too much on rent, the food and service quality must be impact accordingly. Anyhow, I guess there are way to many good place out there in NYC.	0
Disappointed. I've been here dozens of times and this is the first time I've been made to feel uncomfortable by a waiter who was extremely aggressive in his interest in me. He touched my arm inappropriately and whispered things at me as he came to the table and helped me with my coat as I left. I was extremely unnerved. The food also came out very slowly, but I was more concerned with the unwanted attention. I don't want to worry about the waiter leering at me while at dinner with family.	0
Food is subpar, service is poor (they also add 20% service fee on your check), the only good thing about this place is the location. TOTAL TOURIST SCAM - reservation: I made a reservation a week in advance and when I called the day before to confirm the time, turns out they never wrote down my reservation. After being on the phone with them for 10 minutes they squeezed me in. Um.. Thanks for squeezing me in when I made a reservation a week in advance - service: we were seated at the back and we did not receive any attention. The server did not inform us of the specials of the day, we had to wave to get someone to take out order, no one came to ask how our dishes were, and then they added 20% service fee on our check without informing us.  - food: it was subpar. Our entrees were cold and salty.	0
The food was a 5/5. The service was a -1/5. I have never had service this bad at a restaurant. Disappointing. I will not go back.	0
Menu was limited. Food lacked in flair and presentation, and wasn't particularly tasty or filling, which is unusual for Italian. I had chicken Parmesan pasta, the chicken was actually sliced processed chicken, like you would put in a kid's school sandwiches. My brother ordered chicken tricolore and had similar complaints. Didn't stay for desert  Also: this place has health grade B. Don't eat here if you have any other options nearly	0
Delicious food but we had poor service. Strange 20 minute lull between finishing salad and getting entrees; my pasta was cold, but no one checked on us for at least 15 minutes, then waiter tried to blame ME for not sending it back (how?? Couldn't catch eye of waitstaff) instead of apologizing for it.  Would have been tasty if warm.  Other entrees in our party were tasty.  Slow bringing coffee as well.  Disappointing.	0
The experience was a disappointment.  First off, it is not the best place if you want to go with a big group (surprisingly given the amount of space they have).  We had a large party for dinner and I was expecting great service as I received 2 phone calls to confirm the reservation.  My party arrives on time and the tables weren't ready.  I was expecting the waiter to be kind about it, but instead of apologizing and providing warm customer service (as should be expected), they proceeded to blame the customers for not eating fast enough to leave.  Our tables ended up being ready 20 minutes late, which isn't a huge deal but puts a damper on a great night with friends when the service is unfriendly.  Never blame your customers!   A part of a great restaurant isn't JUST about the food- its about the all around experience.  And it leaves a bad taste in my mouth (pun intended) when the restaurant makes a mistake and points fingers to people who are the ones who keep them in business.   The Italian restaurant culture is all about the warm, communal experience.  In a city as grande as  NYC, I can definitely find that somewhere else.  See ya never.	0
Food was ok, the service was slow.  We ate upstairs and it had a weird smell, almost like a 1980's peep booth. If you can get into Carmine's definitely go there,  Much better food and service.	0
It was my birthday and my friends and I decided to come here for dinner. It is unfortunate that the staff is so busy fighting with each other that the service suffered and it ruined our experience here. We couldn't even talk to each other because they just kept on arguing. Very unprofessional. We ordered sparkling water and since the staff was so distracted  that they refilled our half full sparkling water with tap water, ruining it. Then we waited forever for the waiter to finish fighting with what seemed like the front of house manager; he neglected our table until our meal was complete. Last but not least no birthday song dessert or anything. He completely forgot because he was so distracted. It ruined our night out. With the huge selection of Italian restaurants in Manhattan, we will not be going back again.	0
My fiancee and I went to Trattoria Trecolori for dinner to celebrate his 29th birthday. We both ordered a pasta dish, which was absolutely delicious and had lots of flavor. Unfortunately, the food was the only pleasant part of our experience. Our waiter (MJ?) was extremely rude. He kept his back toward me for the entire interaction, and was sarcastic and abrupt when I couldn't hear what he was saying. It was pretty amazing actually - he was able to take my order, deliver the food, and pour my water without ever facing my direction or looking me in the eye. I have never felt so disregarded and disrespected in my life.  The manager (Phil) was overly demanding that we add more items to our already expensive bill. He leaned over our table yelling "you both are getting dessert and wine, now what do you want." At that point, the only thing my fiancee and I wanted was to get out immediately. When it came time to pay the check (I was paying as a birthday gift), the manager handed him the bill and graciously thanked him for visiting.  Gentlemen, you won't have any major issues at this restaurant. Ladies, beware.	0
Foods were okay but I'm giving 1 star only because of their dishonest service. We were party of 4 people and they automatically charged 20% service fee on check. I asked why and was told that it is automatic since they are in Theater district and there are so many tourists. I asked them to remove 20% and they took if off from my check. I normally leave generous tip (20-25%) but was so upset that they were trying to rip me off so just left $20 (total bill was $280). Manager followed me as I was leaving and his explanation was even worse. He told me that they charge automatic 20% to tourist and care less for them since they are not coming back. He said he wants local customers like us to come back. So, is it okay for a restaurant to discriminate customers if they are tourists? I would never come back to this restaurant. WARNING: Please review your bill carefully if there is any unexpected charges.	0
Got the ravioli special. Ravioli stuffed with mozzarella, broccoli, and asparagus. Vodka sauce. Not that great...not worth being called a special or a price tag of $21!	0
When I went to this restaurant with my fiance a year ago, it had a "Grade Pending" sanitation rating. We did not think much of it until we saw a large cockroach running around the restaurant. When we informed the waiter, he pretended to step on it (but missed) and explained that it was just a water bug. We later saw the same roach near a woman's leg. At that point, we put down cash on the table for the wine we ordered and ran out of there!	0
The food was great but the service was bad. I had the worst experience ever. Im never going here again. I had my food and it was great. After i came from the restroom, i found out that one of the busboy dropped mussle on my dry cleaning jacket. It was my second time wearing it. I got so upset. I told the waiter what happened and the owner came. He tried to wipe it off but got worse. He offered desserts but i had lost my appetite. I asked him for dry cleaning service fee but he said to bring the receipt then he will reimburse. It's not about the dry cleaning. I was afraid if the stain ruin the jacket. And the jacket was not cheap. I argued with him for a few minutes and then he took out one of the dish from the check. Even though he did, the cost of the jacket and the dish are uncomparable.	0
So I came here when it wasn't so busy however they managed to take FOREVER to take my order. I heard good reviews about this place and wanted to take my father somewhere good... Bad choice. Food was decent - but not overly great.	0
It's sad when a potential new restaurant can be ruined by the worst customer service ever imagined. From the get go, MJ was rude and inattentive. I was on vacation here, visiting with a friend who had never visited New York before, and she really did get a great first impression of how RUDE New Yorkers can be. I am assuming that the terrible customer service was due to the fact that we were a large party and therefore gratuity was guaranteed to the server. Please see Michael D's story for the full scoop. The food was not bad, although I prefer more fresh and authentic pastas for the price. When complaining to the manager about the terrible service, he told us that patrons love MJ and that maybe he was trying to be humorous. I found that more irritating and felt that an apology was deserved rather than an excuse. Do yourself a favor, if in a large party, ask for someone a little more polite and worthy of your 20% tip.	0
Nasty! Not sure why this place has any good reviews. Ordered the popular LINGUINE NERE alla MONSIGNORE dish (shrimp, scallops, mussels, etc). The fish didn't taste fresh, was way too rubbery, as was the pasta. After we left, my stomach felt awful the entire night after. I felt close to throwing up. My girlfriend had the chicken parm and didn't enjoy it either. It was a cute place but the service wasn't good too. Definitely not coming back or recommending it.	0
Went there last night for a late dinner after a broadway show. We called for a 10p reservation and they said the kitchen closes at 10:30p but it would be no problem as long as we get our order in. So we arrived at 10p and quickly ordered within 5 minutes. From the moment we got there until the moment we left we were rushed!!! It was very annoying. We ended up being there less than an hour. The staff was hovering over the table the whole time. They did not offer me a dessert menu or even coffee. Then when I was figuring out the bill he looked at us and grabbed it out of my hands. It was very frustrating. I won't be back and neither will my friends	0
Do not go to this restaurant if you have a theater reservation or need to leave in a timely manner!   We arrived at 6.30pm for our 6.30pm reservation. We were told a table would be ready in minutes so waited at the bar. By 6.50pm we were still waiting: we warned them we had a tight schedule and needed to leave by 7.40pm and were duly promised we would be seated by 7pm. By 7.10pm we were still waiting and increasingly concerned.  At this point the manager told us that a table has become free but had been given away by mistake since they thought we were eating at the bar. We had expressly told the maître d that we were waiting for a table at the bar and she was fully aware since we kept on asking about the table - so I don't know how that happened.  No apology at all- in fact the manager argued and said he could do nothing.  Nice venue, great bar staff who tried to make up for it. But steer clear if you need to get somewhere on time. They do not respect your time or reservation.	0
Very disappointing. We had reservations for 6:30 pm and weren't seated until 6:50. I ordered the FRUTTO DI MARE e RISOTTO - SEAFOOD and RISOTTO, which was a mixture of shrimp, scallops, a tiny bit of chopped up asparagus, all mixed in with overcooked risotto. The seafood was also overcooked - chewy shrimp and dry scallops. The dish looked as bad as it tasted. It was essentially flavorless... and overpriced at $22. I couldn't eat much of it.  My friend ordered the PICCATA alla TRECOLORI (Veal Piccata) and said it was very bland. Service was also on the slow side. After our dinner plates were bussed, the waiter came by with dessert menus. We decided on our desserts, but waited so long for the waiter to come back to take our orders that we had to skip it and leave or we would have been too late for the show we were attending.	0
Sadly, I was not impressed with this place. I went here bc of all the great reviews.  Only my trecolori salad was good.  The pasta was way overcooked...it actually broke apart when I tried to pull it with my fork to eat! And was definitely NOT al dente.  Maybe I ordered on an off night.  I was disappointed.	0
My wife and I ate here because another couple we were meeting up with had liked it.  The food was good to very good, portions average.  Where things got a little weird was the way the waiter was pushing me to a particular wine that he referred to as "his wine."  Now I realize the waiter might not know that I actually do know a lot about wine (actually a whole lot about wine).  I was perusing the wine list and he poured me a sample of the wine to taste (and it showed very well, good fruit and harmonious oak integration) so I agreed and got a bottle of it.  He poured it and it clearly was not the same wine...no ifs ands or buts (I do blind tastings regularly and can pick out subtle differences).  This wasn't even bottle variation or a different vintage...it was a different wine. That said, I mentioned it to him, he denied it, the other people thought it was okay so we drank it.  Needless to say we didn't order it again. When the waiter came over with our salads he tipped the bottle of wine over and about a glass worth of wine spilled onto the table...he made no offer to adjust anything for that.  This place looks like they try to take advantage of customers they may only see one time.  I guess they succeeded, I don't plan on returning.	0
You would be disappointed no matter you have reserved for dinner or you order via online delivery website. TAKES SO LONG. I can't deny that their food is great but I I was very annoyed at their time mgmt skill. It usually takes ~60 minutes to deliver weekday dinner and even ~60 minutes to pick up weekday dinner. Moreover, the manager rarely pays attention to the delivery/pick-up services.  Would never order online or pick-up again. There are bunch of places which provide better service and dishes in comparable quality.	0
Last night a friend and I ate here. It was so loud we could barely hear ourselves think, never mind talk. And that was upstairs. Beet salad very bland, boring. Chicken with mushrooms, with veggies and potato looked and tasted like cafeteria food. Not worth the money.	0
We had reservations and we were promptly seated. Food was only ok. Would not return. We had 4 people in our party.  Before they brought out the salad they brought out bread and butter, olive oil and balsamic vinegar. One of us asked for some parmesan cheese to mix with the oil for the bread.  Instead of bringing parmesan cheese for the table...they swooped in and plopped the cheese on her bread plate and left without giving anyone else cheese. The Cesar salad was ice cold but the plate was warm.   The main dish risotto was very very salty. Chicken parmesan was good but not great. The veal martini was good and tender although it was too lemony.  The veal   sorentino was very tough and contained small amounts of gristle. The waiter repeatedly jostled my wife while attending to a nearby table...once almost causing her to spill her coffee.  Water was refilled often but the busboy repeatedly rudely reached over my plate to fill another waterglass. The flan dessert was not sweet nor was it a good flan.  Tasted like congealed vanilla pudding. When leaving restaurant the manager asked how meal was. I reiterated all the above.  The manager responded with a dumb look and said nothing like: "sorry...I will talk to busboy". All in all a poor excuse for a moderately expensive restaurant. I agree with other negative reviews. Perhaps it was a "bad" night...but I will NEVER  give then another chance.	0
Just ordered delivery from this place. It's been 2 hours and I still haven't gotten my food...  When I called them to ask where my food was, they were extremely rude. Btw, I used to order from here almost once a week... Don't think I ever will after tonight.	0
I've eaten here once and loved it! My one star review is because I had planned to treat my Mom to a New York weekend and they lost my reservation. So now I'm trying to find someplace decent to eat in NYC Mother's Day weekend. The worst part is that they were trying to tell me that it was me who messed up, not them. The good news is that there are lots of great restaurants in NYC so we'll try another one. Don't count on them for any important occasions, and don't count on being treated well.  That's my experience, for what it's worth.	0
Two stars - strictly for their extensive beer selection. No stars for their food. Everything was so BLAND. My friend got the chicken alfredo. Not even enough sauce. It looked like a frozen dinner you would defrost out of the freezer. I'd actually prefer the frozen dinner though. Also, it's a tourist trap. We only chose this spot because it was convenient for everyone. AVOID!	0
Terrible lasagne. Found a hair in the bread. Only thing great was the old Italian guy serving us	0
The food was good but our waiter was exceptionally the opposite.	0
For starters, the service as pretty abysmal. We weren't offered wine until 30 minutes in. Appetizers took 30 minutes too. The food also is just ok - cheese and meat plate was nothing special.  The dishes were uninspired - Chicken Fettucini Alfredo, Spaghetti Bolognese, etc.. Nothing awful. The alfredo wasn't as creamy as I would have liked and was a little too watery.  But the service! So awful - this guy walked around a table of 7 and over poured each and EVERY glass of champagne. (It was a 10:30pm seating so maybe he was sleepy)	0
Why eat somewhere that is at best ok when you can eat somewhere great?  ... You are in  NYC after all!  We chose this restaurant based upon the excellent reviews. In a city with so many choices there is no reason to go back.  We should have taken the subway to Little Italy or Brooklyn instead of being lazy and taking the easy way out with something by our hotel. A mistake we will not make again.	0
Horrible service, snarky people. When called to make a reservation after reading on yelp - the woman to return my call was snarky and rude. We still tried it and the food was average and we must have ended up with our original person's snarky brother.	0
Definitely a disappointment. I was here for a birthday party of about 20 people. Maybe it was because there was such a large group during the middle of the week, but either way food was a disappointment. The birthday boy, along with quite a few people, had Rigatoni alla Trecolori on our waiter's recommendations. I mean, their name "Trecolori" is in the dish's name. However, the pasta was meh. The sauce was not bad, but there wasn't enough of it. I can't argue that they weren't filling since there was so much pasta in the dish. Rigatoni focaccia was probably second most ordered dish at the party. The dish had dry chicken pieces, creamy tomato sauce, which there was enough of, but overcooked pasta. It was a disappointment as well.  I ordered Tortellini alla Panna. It was extremely creamy and cheesy. However, I don't think the ricotta inside the tortellini were seasoned because it was really bland. I wish I had some salt to put on the pasta. Additionally the parm cream sauce was bland as well. I was thoroughly disappointed. However, again, they gave me enough pasta to make me full for the price I was paying like the other pasta dishes. Overall, I was disappointed by how their pasta tasted like it was straight out of the box, pre-cooked instead of made to order fresh pasta. Most of their dishes lacked sauce and had way too much pasta. Surprisingly, the only dish that was even favorable was eggplant parm, which isn't on the menu. You can ask them to make eggplant parm, which is gigantic and covered with cheesy, gooey mozzarella cheese. Either way I'm giving them 2 stars because the server was quite helpful and they made sure the all 20 people had their cups full and had whatever they needed. Also, they showed the cumulative total and amount individual people had to pay on the receipt, which was helpful when it came to paying for the food. We didn't have to guess or try to remember how much everyone had eaten. The restaurant had done that for us. Overall, it was a meh experience and I probably wouldn't go back. Also, their cake cutting fee is RIDICULOUS! If I remember correctly, it was around $60s. Definitely won't be going here for parties.	0
Worst place in NY. I wish I had gone to olive garden. There, at least, bad Italian food is cheap.	0
I don't get all this 4 and 5 star love for Trattoria Trecolori.  I didn't think there was anything special about the food.  I had the italica salad that lacked in dressing and flavor and had very few beets and goat cheese bits.  Then I tried the squid ink pasta with seafood on top that so many had raved about.  It was good but it didn't taste any better (in some cases it was worse) than other such pastas I've had over the years.  Then I had the Trefunghi chicken which was tasty but felt like something I could make or just have at anyone's house.  For dessert, I tried the cannoli and the tartufo.  Both were just fine.  I get that an authentic delicious Italian restaurant in this area might be hard to find but I think it's pretty misleading to have this restaurant rated so highly.	0
Its a cute coffee spot in the middle of Tribeca, nice place to just and relax for a bit, nice staff, average coffee but the food.....been pretty disappointed with the last few things I'be gotten from there: oat meal was literally uncooked, with a cold poached pair in the middle; huevos rancheros was served with cold poached eggs (like it had been sitting in the fridge pre made for hours!) chicken soup was much too oily, there was no broth, just oil! Then we ordered a chicken sandwich which was also coated, dripping in the same oil. Sorry, but not coming back here again.	0
I purchased a few items based on all the good reviews, but I was very disappointed.   I can only imagine that people's standards are really low because I found the coffee to be terrible as were the three food items I purchased.   I even returned one (the cauliflower tahini sandwich) because it was inedible.  I don't know what they were thinking when they made that.   The salmon bialy was poorly made as is the poached egg salad with tuna.   I could really go on quite a bit about all that.   The one thing I can say in Gotan's favor is that they gave me a credit for the sandwich without any hassle and the people who work there are very friendly.....it's a nice atmosphere as well although I preferred the old place (Pecan) that was a bit more relaxed.	0
The Restaurant and service was great but the food was terrible. The food just was either bland or just not good tasting. Would not suggest this place for food but good drinks and environment.	0
How people rate this highly, I don't know, maybe they have poor taste? I got three items: the meatballs, the tomato bread and the patatas bravas, they were all poor horrible. The meatballs were rubbery, the sauce was way too acidic and for reasons unknown they put cucumbers as a garnish- random?? The patatas bravas were drowning in Thai red sauce making them soggy and the sauce was pretty disgusting. The bread had generic tomatoes rubbed on them adding nothing but liquid and subsequently; making it soggy.  This place is pretty horrible and I don't recommend it. No wonder it was pretty empty for 1 PM brunch on a Saturday.	0
Came here for brunch with my girlfriend. The atmosphere is super cute and really wanted to love it but... But was very disappointed in everything we ordered. Everything was bland. Lamb meatballs, shisito peppers, dates ehhh.. And the worst was the shrimp tapas. When the plate arrived the prevention very pretty and rustic but smelled very fishy and tasted fishier!! And we all know shrimp does not taste fishy. However, our server was great!! Maybe it's just a cool place to have drinks..	0
So disappointing!    I was excited when this restaurant opened on the UES as I absolutely love the one in Soho.  We sat at the bar and were immediately put off by the angry, bearded bartender.  He ignored us for awhile, then finally threw a drink menu in front of us. Another 15 minutes passed before we could catch his eye to ask for drinks. He poured the drinks so sloppily and slammed the bottle down. My friend and I just looked at each other--puzzled. Well we ordered the Brussel sprouts which were cold and hard, the chicken which was dry and the octopus which was tasty. When we asked for the check he also threw that down and never said thank you or good bye.  The rest of the staff was harried and not friendly either.  I think the bar was understaffed and I understand they are busy, but that's not our fault.  All the more reason to be pleasant to your customers. Do not think I will try a second time.	0
We went as a group in this new place, just to try. We didn't have a reservation but we were able to find a spot around 6pm. We were told we have to leave around 8pm. Two hours after, after spending $800, we asked for a last bottle of wine. They answered that if it was only for a bottle of wine (and not eating - we already ate a lot to be honest) we have to go because they need the tables. It might seems normal, but you have to know there were available seats for like 10 min before we were asked to leave. We just expected them to be a little ore concerned about us, even more because it's a nice place - food is more than decent, the place is beautiful... And a glass of wine won't have make us stay longer than 15 min. And just to clarify, I lost access to my yelp account and this is really not my first review.	0
What a dull tapas place. After visiting Alta and Casa Mono so  many times  I said let me try this place. I have to say besides the ambience, this place is nothing special. Food was not even mediocre. The mushroom croquettes were  probably the best, but everything else was so not memorable, that I do not even remember what we had.It rarely happens to me to not remember what I ate, but it so happens to be the case with this place. Do not see myself going back! One star for ambience , and I guess one for croquette!	0
Chic look with a friendly warm atmosphere. The seating is tight so you will hear other people's conversations. If you choose to go with the Tapas, be prepared for as noted on the menu small plates with a very pricey bill at the end of your stay. I was surprised and very unhappy with their wine by the glass pours. A $15.00 dollar per glass pour for a medium price bottle of wine is bad form in my book. If I were to choose a restaurant that offers Tapas, I would rather find those restaurants that have Happy Hour prices. Meanwhile, their Tapas were very good. Nice place, but I will order next time a lunch menu item instead of Tapas.	0
Great venue with bad service. We were a party of three and ignored for the majority of our visit. We had to catch attention to request service although surrounded by empty tables. The manager was insincere and seemed inexperienced.	0
Snobby staff or management or whatever.  It was about 4pm on Friday when I called to try to get a ressy.  The person who picked up the phone told me not to worry cuz they were slow so I wouldn't have a problem getting a table.  We walked there, and yes it was dead inside.  It was about 5:15pm when I asked for a table for 3, the staff said we couldn't be seated until 5:30pm.  WTF???  It's a friggin empty restaurant, and you can't even just seat us???!!!!  I mean, I understand if you couldn't let us order before a certain time because maybe the kitchen needs more time to get ready... but you can't even let us sit down at a table?  at an empty restaurant???  I just don't get it!  How do you do business like that?  I mean, I had their food and I liked it, but it's not all that..  There are other good restaurants around there as well.   At the end, we ended up going to another tapas place instead.	0
This place is completely overrated.  The food is OK at best and service slow (granted servers themselves were very nice).  This place is definitely catering to the "spend a lot and leave hungry" crowd.   The pricing and proportions are not in-line for a tapas style restaurant.  There are far better places to go for Spanish food on the UES such as pil-pil.   In addition, the service was very slow and the bill had an error (the wine was priced differently on the bill than the menu). Also, don't plan on using the bathroom at Boqueria.  One needs to navigate a 2' wide path between the back bar and tables.  This is the same path  that all the food coming out of the kitchen needs to pass through.  The architect for the Boqueria fit out should go back to designing screen doors on submarines.....	0
Terrible food. Grilled octopus felt like rubber. Would never go back.  We complained about the taste and they did not offer to make another one nor to take it off the bill.	0
How does this place have 5 star review?  $3 price tag for a small choc chip cookie, $5 for a small iced coffee?  This place is such a rip off for mediocre tasting products.  I got a slice of vegan banana bread ($3.50 for a tiny slice) because I was starving and out of options one morning.  It was dry and hardly worth half the amount.  I work right near by and would love to give them business if the prices were somewhat reasonable, but I refuse to support them at these prices.	0
My boyfriend and I were in the neighborhood one weekend, so we decided to give it a try. Walked in and once I saw how small it was, I was about to leave to try another place, thinking it was going to be a long wait. But luckily (or was it?), they were able to seat us within 5 minutes. Little did I know that it would've been better if we had left then...  We were halfway through our food, just taking our time talking and eating when it happened. In mid sentence, my boyfriend stopped talking and made eye contact with me and I just knew something was wrong. I asked him what was wrong, but he kept saying, nothing, with that uneasy smile on his face. I looked around the restaurant frantically to get a clue of what was bothering him.  And there it was. A ROACH. A HUGE ROACH, THE SIZE OF MY TWO THUMBS PUT TOGETHER ON THE CEILING. I've never seen a roach that big in my life. It was the biggest, fattest roach EVER. And it was just there, hanging upside down on the ceiling. Moving ever so slightly. I feared for my life that it would fall from the ceiling and start crawling around on the floor. (I'm getting goosebumps just thinking about it right now.) I gagged a little bit and the couple next to us heard me, found out what I was staring at and pretty much had the same reaction as I had. We quickly asked for our bill and left in a hurry, covering our heads in case the roach falls down.  Absolutely disgusting. I'll never be coming back here for sure. Yuck.	0
What's the most ideal place near Hell's Kitchen to have brunch without breaking the bank? There is a lot of hype surrounding Nook, so it seemed like the perfect place to catch up with my college roommate who will soon be relocating to New York. I figured I could "educate" him on some of the hidden gems of NY. Nook is also BYOB and disgustingly cheap, what's there not to like?!! Everything on the menu looked pretty appetizing, so I decide to go with one of their infamous egg scrambles: spinach, goat cheese and tomatoes. Not being the biggest fan of tomatoes. I politely requested to have them switched for broccoli. Guess it's impossible to do so because replacing it with broccoli would be the end of the world and there are no substitutions. OK, let's try for something less inexpensive like onions. NO SUBSTITUTIONS!!! Clearly,there was no winning here and had to settle for the tomatoes. Despite having dirt cheap prices in the Hell's Kitchen area for brunch and advertising a BYOB policy, the service and professionalism at Nook is down right despicable. OK I understand, you are a tiny restaurant with less than 10 tables and would like to get people in and out as soon as possible but don't rush my party of 2 and  ask us "Are you going to sit here all day and eat or hurry it up?" It would certainly help to order if you waiter knew what "Eggs Florentine " were since he works there. Maybe that would help expedite the process in taking orders. If this place is cash only, I should be able to substitute what I want and how I want it. Or maybe it's because all of your food is cooked in bulk and comes served as pre-made overcooked mush. Whatever it may have been, Nook certainly rubbed me the wrong way. :-(	0
Came here on a Saturday for lunch with 3 of my friends. There was a wait when we got here. They told us the wait would be 15 minutes but it ended up being over an hour. Yes I understand your restaurant is small and I get that we would most likely have to wait longer than 15 minutes... but to seat other people that were behind us on the waiting list? (Especially when I see there is a table that can fit my party) Not cool.  Pretty sure this could of happened because my friend was running late since she was trying to find parking and it was just the 3 of us on line. But either way, I felt the that staff was very disorganized and rude.. There are empty tables and you are just going to let us stand outside? (Also by this time, no one was waiting on line). Even if our party had 3 people, the table that we would have gotten would have been the same as a table for 4!  Moving on.. I was hoping the food would make up for what had just happened but it didn't. Only one of my friends has been here and recommended this place from when she used to come here back in the day.  She hasn't been here for over a year and said this place has definitely went downhill from what she remembered. I ordered the Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon and I was not impressed.  I've had much better.. even in Jersey.. for much cheaper! My friend also wanted to add cheese in her scrambled eggs but the waiter said no.  At first we thought he was joking but then we realized he was being really serious and said they don't do any substitutions/can't add anything additional to the entree. My friend would have happily paid for extra cheese.  He then suggested that she order something else on the menu.  Um, how hard is it to put cheese in eggs?!  For the price we've paid, I expected much better. Also, the waiter rolled his eyes when my friend asked for milk with her tea. Seriously? Why are you so upset about making another trip? It's your job! If you do decide to come here.. just know that they don't accept credit card so make sure you bring cash. The only positive thing I have to say about this place is that it is BYOB even though I did not take advantage of that. Also, if you like to be super close next to a stranger while eating your food and literally putting your ass on their table (and I don't even have a big one) while trying to get out of your seat to go use to the bathroom.. this is the place for you!	0
Made a reservation for 2 last Friday night and when my friend and I showed up, they had no record of it. They're not on Open Table either. They could benefit from a more reliable reservation system than just pencil and paper and somebody's memory (or lack thereof). It's a shame because their food is very good.	0
This evening we called around 1030pm and asked the time they closed and they said 11pm so we said we would be right there. We arrived at 1045pm and the server said they were closed. The chef in the kitchen also said they were closed and they shut everything off and even took out the trash.  Your posted closure time is 11pm you should be open for service until that time. Closing earlier than your posted time is far from proper business etiquette and very wrong.  Very disappointed in this attempt for dinner. Find another service oriented place.	0
This really is a very small restaurant where you are sitting on top of your neighbors. We were a party of two and were quickly seated for late breakfast / brunch. That said the service was surprisingly slow and inattentive.  I had a scramble and was greatly disappointed. The eggs were wet and fairly under spiced. The Sweet potato side same issue. Salad was fine but dressing was not flavorful.  My companion had the eggs Florentine. He thought the eggs were over cooked and the dish under spiced as well.	0
I would never recommend this place to anyone. I had to recalculate how much we actually left them, but 16% is what it turned out to be. Hey, I get it, you expect 20%. And no, you did not deserve it. Food service people will always argue about tips, but at the end of the day if someone gave you something above 0, it was to show their gratitude for your service. If you think it's unfair, raise your prices to reflect the service you think you deserve to get paid for. A waiter had the nerve to ask us "was the service alright because you only left this". Yes, the service was fine. The place was cold and it we waited at least twice as long as you told us, but the food was good. But you would complain to a customer about a tip, and only a dollar would have made you feel like you were being fairly treated? Holy shit, you just made your customer feel poorly about your establishment over ONE whole dollar? There are a ton of restaurants in the area. And many that have warm cozy, not super-tight spaces with equally if not better food. Please take your business there. Nook does not deserve your business or your one extra dollar. How can you complain about a 16% tip? I don't know but they did!	0
I decided to give this place a try being my first time in NY. Horrible experience. Customer service was not impressive at all. When I was ready to order I told the man I had a question from one of the items....he quickly slapped his face and rudely asked " what's your question?" not quite the experience I wished for. Definitely not coming here again, customer service was horrible. Food was okay. Bread was extremely hard.	0
This place was a lot smaller than I imagined. It was a tight squeeze for the four of us.   The staff is very friendly and the food was not bad.  I had the potato pancakes w/ sausage.  Pancakes were very dense and sausage a bit dry... This dish needed something else to bring it together.	0
Again.. Good soups. Vomit provoking attitude. Totally stinky foreigner approach. Bad!	0
This place has the worst customer service ever. I called and the guy at the counter told me that it's 5 min wait and 5 minutes later when I walked into the store, he says it's 2 min. I waited a good 20 minutes and after I ask him if I will be the next one to be seated and he said "Nope." I asked him what happened to 2 min and he said, "I'm going to seat the people waiting outside first but just wait 2 minutes. When the guy in blue hat is done eating, you will take the table." I was furious at his ridiculous behavior and I went out to wait for a table. He then comes out and says to everyone thats waiting, "I will seat you, you and you guys too!" And then he went back in. I will never ever go to this restaurant and definitely don't recommend it to anyone.	0
So upsetting when a great place goes down hill. I raved about their brunch &amp; decided to finally come back after 2 years. What a huge let down. My eggs florentine was not good. The eggs came out cold &amp; spinach minimal atop a soggy English muffin. We ordered potato pancakes to try, total bust! We didn't even eat 1 &amp; waiter couldn't care less, didn't even ask if anything was wrong. The French toast was good but not great. Skip this hole in the wall &amp; make a reservation to Norma's.	0
It was pouring rain when we got to the restaurant today at 10:50 am, we walked in the door and were immediately greeted by an angry staff with an unwelcoming voice "we're not open til 11am.  Okay, we stepped out and waited til 11.  At 11 am sharp, a couple walked in and got kicked out of the restaurant by the same guy. He repeated him again with an attitude when the couple didn't move outside. I Just can't believe it how rude he was... we left and ate elsewhere  it doesn't matter how good the food is... Service is equally as important. I hope he isn't the host or boss because he's simply RUDE! The service deserves no star.	0
This was one of the first restaurants I ate at in NYC, and so I think I was a bit jaded in thinking it was some of the better food I had.   While the BYOB is nice, the food just isn't there for me.  Going back to revisit, I was a bit disappointed to find that in the end, it's just another restaurant.  Nothing here really knocks it out of the park or screams originality.   While nothing was wrong with the food, per se, I just won't be coming back.	0
This restaurant used to be one of my favorite places to visit in the neighborhood; great food, nice ambience,  and decent prices. However after the experience I had yesterday,  I will not be coming back here and urge you to take your business elsewhere as well.  My friend is allergic to red peppers and asked the waiter if it would be possible to substitute that ingredient for something else in the egg scramble. She was rudely told that if she read the menu, she would see no substitutions are allowed;  really,  even when a person is allergic? Additionally the gentleman didn't mention that the side of potatoes had red peppers. When my friend asked for little oil to be used they brought out eggs literally swimming in oil.  Another customer was almost reprimanded for ordering too much food when ordering a burger with bacon and some crabcakes. Is this how we deserve to be treated when we choose to have a meal in a restaurant?  To be told that we are fat or should suffer because of an allergy?  Finally,  when I found out that the waiter was the manager of the restaurant (with much shock)  and told him how his behavior was offending the customers and not great for business (especially when there are so many restaurants around the corner) he simply laughed it off and insisted that he did nothing wrong.. very classy Mr. Owner/Manager whoever you are. Do yourself a favor and go eat at one of the places where you feel the restaurant staff actually WANTS you to have a great experience and is appreciative of your business.	0
Awful!  Turn around and walk away!  First time here.  My dinner was ok (lamb); too sweet for me but my husband's fillet mignon had me jealous. Staff was non existent and when they were around not too accommodating.  ESPECIALLY WHEN A 2 inch cockroach LANDED on our table as we were paying!  Showed  the 'server' who 'tried' to catch it but threw his hands up in the air and 'couldn't find it.'  And didnt offer to pay tab!!  Sooo disgusting!  Overall, food ok but service and cleanliness had me wondering how they got the 'A' sanitation standard.	0
I have been to this joint several times and the food has been good and service mediocre but bearable. It is a small place and when the clean-shaved guy is the running the show, the crowd outside is well managed. But today after going to the place for over two years, the bearded dude tried to squeeze three people on the tiny two person table and when we pushed back, he yelled at us, telling is that we need to decide if we want to eat here since he has ppl waiting I the line! We left ofcourse for another brunch place where we didn't have to deal with an overwhelmed moron.... Seriously this dude has no business running point at a tiny restaurant and frankly the food isn't that great for this idiot to speak to patrons in such a way........it was good till it lasted.  Strongly recommend against this place specially when there are so many more cool brunch spots in Hells Kitchen........	0
The food may be good but the service is HORRENDOUS. I dined here with friends recently and we made a reservation. We showed up to find that making a reservation is useless. They had no table for us and asked if we would mind squeezing onto a two-top with the assurance that they would move us to a larger table as soon as one became available. We agreed, reluctantly. We ordered and before any of our food came out another table emptied. We asked if we were going to be able to move to that table and were told no because they had to save it for an incoming reservation. We reminded them that we were an incoming reservation as well but they said they needed to save that particular table because it was the only one they were able to fit 5 people at. We were once again assured we would be moved when another table became available (yet another lie). Between our apps and the main course another table did become available and when the server went to seat another party there we reminded him that we were still waiting to be moved (as he had promised us we would be). The waiter became belligerent with us. He said you are eating at a place called Nook - what did you expect? It's going to be crowded. We ask people to squeeze into smaller tables all the time. We reminded him that we only agreed to do so because he promised us that he would move us as soon as he could. He said he had no intention of moving us ever cause he needed all the tables he had for incoming reservations (again we reminded him we were one of those incoming reservations). Turns out he was saving the new table for when his buddies arrived for dinner (based on the big hello he gave them when we set them). While all this is going on he continued to take new reservations for tables he knew he could not seat and then the poor people would show up and be told that could not be accommodated. I understand that this is a small space with limited seating but why then take reservations at all. Just have it be first come/first served. Why also would you seat parties who were not all there? During our visit that was a 4-top that had only 2 people sitting at it not ordering anything for almost 45 minutes until the rest of their party arrived. I will never be back to Nook. There are too many other amazing places in this neighborhood to put up with such poor service and disrespect.	0
Went for dinner and their food leaned too heavily on sugar, soy sauce, garlic, and butter for flavor. Definitely not worth the $20 price.	0
Overall fair. Bread was blah. Mushroom cigars were the best dish of the night. Portabella burger was mediocre. Apple 'pie' more closely resembled an Apple Betty and the apple slices on top were flavorless. Wait time for the food was ridiculous. Over priced for what was served. There is better elsewhere. Expected far better based on the reviews.	0
Be forewarned - I came here with a party of 3 for brunch/lunch around 12:30 and we waited more than an hour in the cold to be seated without so much a word of warning from the servers that it would be so long. Getting seated as two is much, much faster. But ignoring that, let's get down to the real topic, which is the quality of the food. The three of us each got eggs florentine with smoked salmon and some pierogies to share. NEVER, EVER get the pierogies at Nook. They are absolutely terrible. They look and taste as though they boiled some pierogies out of the frozen boxes from walmart. Absolutely not worth $14 for 8. The eggs florentine were decent. The portions were well-sized and the eggs were well cooked. However, the eggs florentine just didn't stand out for me compared to other brunch places. Nook definitely has some decent food but it certainly wasn't worth the wait.	0
Usually I love this place. My parents ask to come here every time they are in NYC. However be careful of their hours. Yelp and google list that it opens at 11am M-Sun and sadly it doesn't. We arrived Mon morning at 11:30 to a man waving us away. We are still unclear if it was going to even be open on Monday. Nook if you read this, please take the time to update your hours on the necessary web pages as to not disappoint your patrons. Cheers	0
This is a stressfully tiny place. If you're hoping for a relaxing brunch, don't go here. You will be sitting uncomfortably close to strangers. They literally have to MOVE TABLES to let you in and out of your seat, so I hope you don't have to go to the bathroom. If you DO have to go to the bathroom, you'll be walking through their tiny kitchen into their tiny restroom where MY knees touched the wall when sitting on the toilet. So if you're taller than 5'5, I don't know how you'll fit.  The food was incredibly overpriced and didn't even taste good. I ordered french toast. French toast is easy. Even I can make french toast. It tasted horrible though. For 9 dollars, I got a teeny tiny portion of bad french toast with a dollop of Cool Whip on the side. $2.50 for barely warm coffee, and I had to keep asking for refills.  Basically this place is way too cramped for an enjoyable experience. The prices are ridiculous and the food isn't very good. It's also cash only and they refused to split our check. I won't be coming here again.	0
If I could give this place zero stars I would.  Please note that this is not my first time at this restaurant. To be fair, the food here is amazing and I would have probably given it a four-star rating, but I am never going to come back to this place again. I really do not care who the European man was, owner or not, your job is to provide service and yelling at your customers because we were asking for the wait time is not right. Very soon also does not equal a 40-minute wait. Please get a watch and learn how to read time. I do not care how good the food is, but this was completely unacceptable behavior and ruined the entire mood for our party.	0
This place literally seats 10 people at most. The staff has no sense of customer service. And no...the food won't make up for it.  Do yourself a favor, walk two blocks down to Riposo!	0
Who is that rude lady in the front taking orders, rolling her eyes, being very condescending? Are you the owner? If yes, you should know better! If you aren't, then you need therapy. Cuz really lady you put a damper on our meal as soon as you came to the table. Blah!  Your explanation of potato pancakes was clear and very condescending (I asked my friends if I was reading you wrong but they agreed with me...and now I see from the other yelpers that this is a trend).  What appeared on my plate looked a hot mess. The only thing that was fresh was the salmon maybe??? Or maybe that was the lesser of the many evils. The potato patty was grey!!! Those patties were not fresh! Were they thawed from the freezer? Yuk! The batter could also be fresher. It looked like it was fried before and then refried/microwaved just before putting the salmon and capers on top. That's a disgrace. In NYC that is not acceptable. How hard is it to get fresh potatoes and fresh batter and fry it to order???? Really? How do you stay in business with such bad food and bad service? Maybe we all think 'oh it a cute nook lets give it a try'.  People, the nook may look cute and intimate but it's def not worth your money.	0
Tight space. I feel intruding into other people space while brunching. I got egg Benedict. The egg was pouched well. But the hollandaise sauce was poorly done. Very watery and no taste to it. It could be better.	0
Reassessment of the Nook!  Great scramble with good price. However...  I ventured out to the $12.50 Egg Benedict with smoked salmon has a questionable dijon (?) sauce and 4 of the SMALLEST 4 SLICES of LOX you could put on.   And CASH ONLY in the smallest cursive font on the bottom of the menu.  Guys really?  Put up a sign and go to Costco and buy the $20 salmon pack and show the love on the benedict?	0
So I call to make a reservation and was pleasantly surprised to find availability. We get there at 7:30 after paying for a cab ride, sit down and wait at least 15 mins for someone to take a drink order. At some point during the order process one of our party of 6 decides to ask what credit cards the restaurant accepts at which point the waiter informs us that they are cash only!!!!!! Did it ever occur to these folks that some people don't carry cash? Wouldn't it have been a great idea to tell me that when I made the reservation or post it on the front door or SOMETHING???? Thank goodness we asked and found out before we ordered and could leave since we didn't have enough cash to pay for the meal! An hour and lots of walking later we finally sat down for dinner.....at a place that accepts credit cards! What an inconvenience!	0
I was let down by the reviews. 4 of us went.  The service was rushed and the waiter/owner? Didn't seem personable at all. Always rushes. The mushroom roll appetizers were quite good. That's where it ends. The mains were lacklustre. The chicken souvlaki is one skewer with some cheap plain fries and a touch of some salad.  We all agreed the chicken was over cooked and dried out.  The Tuscan chicken was decent, although there was generic mashed potatoes and salad that also came with the salmon.  The salmon was a tiny 4oz filet, plainly prepared. I'd strongly recommend you try somewhere else unless the free corkage is a game changer for you.	0
Seriously, I'm stunned. How has this restaurant garnered so many positive reviews. Are people that drawn to the option of zero corkage fees? For my part, Nook was just awful from start to finish. First, the place is small, hot, dirty and staffed by one server/host who just can't seem to keep up (and the restaurant was half full). Second, the bathroom is actually through the kitchen. Perhaps it's not that big of a deal, but there's only one bathroom for men and women, and unfortunately, no where to wait if it's in use. It depressing, really, because it leaves one forced to watch the disorganized kitchen staff muddle around in greasy environs. Alas, the worst is yet to come: the food. I was en route to leave the restaurant a 'meh' rating after very average appetizers when I was served the entree: duck. It's worth stating that duck is my favorite dish and Nook somehow manage to mangle it.  The food was dry, rubbery, and tasteless. I wondered if it was just my dish, but two others at the table ordered the same entree and theirs appeared equally mediocre. I think that people must be raving about this place for brunch because dinner was catastrophic. Next time, I'll gladly pay corkage NOT to eat at Nook. PS - Don't get me started on dessert.	0
Really Nook, after 3 great times, you let me down when I came with 4 friends. 45 min wait and the host kept saying "5 more minutes!". We left after 50 min to hit Thai Noodle.	0
I am a frequent Yelp user to find restaurants in cities I visit.  I visited Nook last night based off the great reviews it has and was awfully dissappointed.  I ordered the thai marinated rack of lamb, medium rare which is seared on the outside, pink just inside, and red in the middle.  I never, ever send anything back in restaurants for myriads of reasons, but this lamb was so well done that it was gray throughout.  I spoke to the waiter and he agreed to have the chef make another dish.  The next dish came out rare looking like sashimi.  Seared Ahi Tuna is cooked more than the lamb that was put in front of me, and they proceeded to charge me full price after 2 mishaps.   It was unfortunate as the restaurant itself has a good vibe and atmosphere, and it is a BYOB.  If you choose to go, choose a different dish than I did.	0
The reason we went to Nook was to enjoy some BYOB - which, coincidentally, is the only reason to go to Nook.  The place is tiny but at 6pm on a Thursday we had no trouble getting a table. I ordered the peppered steak tuna salad and it was very disappointing. I felt like they rolled the tuna in pepper, sliced up some avocado and called it a day. For 17$ I expected more. My friend wanted to get an appetizer since she wasn't hungry but their BYOB policy is that each party must spend $15 - so she had to order a main dish. I would not go back. Next time we want some BYOB in Midtown we'll take a picnic in Bryant Park.	0
What is this, the late 80s?  Is NYC so lacking in delicious, reasonably price restaurants that THIS place gets an inordinate amount of stars?  Nook is clearly cruising on NYC stupid-inertia, which keeps this place packed and well-rated.  But if you take your sucker goggles off, you'll notice the prices are ridiculous and the food is of poor quality.  In particular, the tuna tartare is cat food, the crab cake was hard and dry, the "goulash" was just noodles with Prego sauce and few chunks of less-than-prime beef.  It's also not comfortable.  That's different than cozy. It's uncomfortable. Go Elsewhere.	0
I have a pretty good tolerance/patience for service, especially if I know they're busy and understaffed... but this was BY FAR the worst service I have ever experienced.  Case in point: it took us 15 minutes to get someone to even think about coming to get our order AND another 15 minutes to get them to pour us the coffee we ordered.  Coffee. Not lattes... not fraps... not capps... plain. black. coffee. I mean, once I get caffeine and some bread in my system, you know that I'll be a happy clam after that.  The place is tiny - think a closet - with about 20 people inside.  But whatever, it's NY, you get over it.  ONE server for all the tables. Again, understandable. The place is a closet. But waiting 15 minutes to order and another 15 for coffee? Nope, sorry, don't get it.  On the flip side, the food (entrees) were really good... fresh, large portions, exactly what you'd want from brunch.  But with the service, I'm pretty sure I won't be returning again.	0
Horrible horrible host at the restaurant... I went in to put my name down. He asked me to wait outside in the line, which I am totally fine with. While I was waiting... Another two ppl came and walked in, they got that table right away. The manager didn't even bother to check the ppl outside... I mean what the F is that???? It is cold outside! Think the food was only Decent, but wouldn't give more than 3 stars. The best was the Apple Pancake!!	0
I'm sure the food is great but I didn't get a chance to try it. I went in on a Sunday and was immediately refused in an exceptionally rude manner because there was a private party. Maybe next time instead of yelling at potential customers for coming in they should put a sign outside that says "private party".	0
Walked in today for brunch, and caught the hostess's eye. I politely said "two please" and she snapped back, "Yeah. I'll be outside in a sec" while she rolled her eyes. Sorry I didn't know that we weren't allowed in the restaurant until you found time in your schedule to come out to the sidewalk to greet us.  We left and went somewhere else where the hostess wasn't on the towel.	0
I was surprised by all the positive reviews Nook got. It's an interesting and yes, tiny, place but the food just wasn't good. Pros: On a Sunday at 3pm, my boyfriend and I did not have to wait longer than a few minutes for a table (but it was just the two of us). Service was fast. Waitress (or owner?) was very friendly and smiley, especially by NYC standards. Although the hash browns were really mashed potatoes, they were tasty. Cons: Ordered the eggs benedict, and it was extremely bland. Egg, hollandaise, ham, and English muffin--all of these flavorful ingredients completely without flavor. It was odd. I won't return. Many better places for brunch in NYC.	0
I was in NYC from Boston and at 8 O'clock went onto YELP and found NOOK, looked good so I called and made a reservation  for  two people at 8:45. We arrived at 8:45, young hostess and what appeared to be the manager, told us it would be at least another 10 minutes. 10 minutes  went by and this cranky 47 year old couldn't stand out in the cold sidewalk any longer. There was a young crowd and it is a very small restaurant but they have no concept of how to manage the kitchen and the reservations. We were clearly not going to be seated for quite some time. Have no idea how the food is but operationally there are a mess. Don't make a reservation and expect it to be honored.	0
I will forgive you for not serving mimosas for brunch, but not having soy AND skim milk is just shameful.  You cannot claim to have a good coffee menu if you only have one milk option. I'm not trying to be a health freak (let's face it we are in manhattan though)-- people can't drink full whole milk for health reasons.	0
Dinner Review Don't bother SO many better places on 9th for dinner..  Diner burger, bistro price. Meat was overly fatty and overcooked. Fries were fine, but nothing special.  Beet salad was nothing exciting and had very small pieces of goat cheese.  Service was non-existent. Waiter took our order, gave our food, and spent the rest of the time on his laptop. We had to go to him to get our check to leave.  No credit card. BYOB, HOWEVER, if you BYOB, you must spend $15 per person.  Will never be back. Not a 4 star Yelp place for sure.	0
So we were waiting outside in the cold for 30 mins and were next to be seated. Instead of seating the two of us, they decide to sit three people behind us, who had just arrived moments ago. Big NOPE. I liked this place until today, and I will never return because they rather sit a table for a bigger check. Too bad Nook, next time keep your customers happy.	0
After reading all of the excellent reviews for this place I made a reservation for dinner for my boyfriend and I on Friday night. Our reservations were for 9:00 and when we arrived on time we were told he would have a table for us shortly, within 15 minutes. Instead of hovering over the diners enjoying their meal we left our phone number and decided to circle the block until our table was ready. After 20 minutes without a call we returned to the restaurant to find two parties of 4 waiting outside to also be seated. Now there were 10 people waiting to enter this small restaurant and after another 20 minutes of waiting outside we discovered that the two parties had 8:30 reservations and that inevitably we would be waiting quite a while until they were sat before us. The two parties were seated around 9:45 (1 hour and 15 minutes after their reservations) At 10:05 we saw a table leave the restaurant and we entered thinking that it would finally be our turn to be seated. NOPE! The owner gave our table away to a gentlemen waiting no where near as long as us. He said he would have another table for us shortly to which we replied that was what we were told over an hour ago and exited the restaurant to take our business elsewhere.  Oh and let me also mention that another couple entered the restaurant without reservations and were charged at by the manger with he finger wagging 'No way, not tonight".  They knowingly overbook this restaurant and pay no mind to leaving you waiting in the cold for hours.  RUDE, ABYSMAL SERVICE!	0
Easy/decent-ish spot. Main perk = BYO. I heard good things from multiple people about Nook. The food did not blow me away though. My chicken was good, but it wasnt original or overly tasty. The cheese plate we got as an appetizer was good, but not presented in an appealing fashion. The meal wasn't better than what i could have done at home.  The atmosphere is cosy and the service is friendly. The prices are very reasonable as well.   Loved that it was byo though.  There are so many other great places nearby - I doubt i'll return.	0
I dined here more than 1 year ago and had a great experience. I was so satisfied that I suggested this location to my gf for her birthday celebration this past Saturday. She contacted Konrad (I believe the owner) about 10 days before her date and made a reservation with him for a party of 8-10. She wasn't sure of the exact number so he told her she had time until 2 days before the dinner date to let him know. No problem. She called back 2-3 more times during the week to agree on the price fix menu and then called back 3 days before the dinner date to confirm the final number of the group (#9 people). On her last call, somebody else answers the phone and tells her that not only she's not on the reservation book, but also that the restaurant is fully booked for the night. She obviously freaks out and ask to talk to Konrad to get this straight. There was surely a misunderstanding since he had been communicating with her for the past 10 days. Unfortunately, she's told by the employee that Konrad is in Poland and is not available to talk. Bottom line: my gf had to find a last minute restaurant for her <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fb.day&amp;s=3f4661b1b92308fe36beee4be32398953e580a7e697b63dd1f02bd5c08d96248" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">b.day</a> celebration, which we all know it's not that easy in this city on a Saturday evening. Konrad's behavior was very unprofessional. It's a real pity that such a good restaurant is so poorly managed. Really? You take the reservation for 8-10 people, completely forget (on purpose or not) to put it on the book, and then disappear in freaking Poland completely careless? No bueno, Konrad. We wish you good luck for your business (even though it doesn't look like you need any, if you can afford to treat your potential customers like this), but we won't recommend you anymore to anybody else. Shame on you.	0
Really wanted to like this place.   Came in for lunch.  Asked the server/chef/owner? "whats good here" he directs me to my seat.  I thought perhaps he didnt understand me so I asked again.  "Everything" he says.  Sensing an attitude I order the burger.  "Medium?" he asks, "Yes",  Comes out Well Done, no pink in sight, texture of a hockey puck.  So I guess not "everything", eh chef?	0
This place is really cute unless it's cold outside. He had the door locked so we couldn't get in, then came running out. He sat us right in the window which was awesome until we realized the front door protecting us from the 30F degree winds didn't shut all the way when opened, so my boyfriend had to turn around and close the door over twenty times (not an exaggeration). The owner saw it and didn't seem to mind that his customers kept doing this. The food was fine - nothing memorable, nothing I wouldn't have again. I asked the owner (who was our server) for a recommendation and he recommended the most expensive thing on the menu. Fine, we ordered it. Meh. Then at dessert, the owner left the restaurant for over 25 minutes. We sat for almost that entire time waiting for our check. I was tempted to leave cash on the table and walk out. Ultimately, my conscious got the best of me and we waited. It's BYOB and the food is fine - I'd come back again on a warmer day.	0
***Review not of food***Just Disgusting Service*** I'm brand new to NY and my perception of appropriate and acceptable service could be skewed because I'm a soft-skinned Californian - but I digress, last night was probably the worst service I have ever had in my dining-out life. Actually, I didn't even get to the food part, that's how horrible it was. I had reservations at 8 (per yelp recommendations) and we arrived around 7:30 so I decided to pop in and let the host/waiter/manager/unknown restaurant employee know that we were there early if they had space for us, otherwise we'd wait. Well, I didn't even get to propose the idea; as soon as I walked into the teeny space the  host/waiter/manager/unknown restaurant employee just looked at me and started shaking his head in the left to right 'no' motion - seriously. He shook his head at me like I was a 2 year old waddling into a china store. W. T. F. In what kind of industry is it deemed acceptable behavior to shake your head at someone? I'm a human, use your words. Obviously we walked down the street and ate somewhere else - because that's what you do in any city with lots of food options, you say F U back. Thanks host/waiter/manager/unknown restaurant employee for making my dinner wait nonexistent.	0
We stopped in Nook for lunch earlier this week with a couple of friends.  No problem getting a table on a weekday, but (as previous posts mentioned) it is small in there.  My friends had really enjoyed breakfast/brunch at this spot before, but I found lunch to be.. lunch. We all ordered soup and sandwiches.  The mushroom soup of the day was decent, but I thought the sandwiches were pretty skimpy.  My chicken and avocado sandwich had maybe 1/3 of a chicken breast that had been thinly sliced and about 1/4 of an avocado- all on a piece of thick crusty bread.  It tasted ok, but seemed really stingy and could have used a lot more volume.  The rosemary fries were good. Drinks were odd.  Each table was given a large bottle of water to serve ourselves.  There was no ice and the water was room temperature.  We ordered sodas and were presented with a glass and whatever was left of a can- still no ice.  $3 for a can of soda, but we had to drink it warm... very European. Service was slow and gruff.  CASH ONLY.  So Nook was a disappointment.  I'll try somewhere else next time!	0
-The food is good but nothing to write home about but got the job done. Shrimp and lamb were both overcooked. -Fairly reasonable prices -Ambiance is lacking. I know this is New York but there was probably 4" between the tables (I'm not exaggerating).  -I'	0
Very disappointed. I went this restaurant because the positive reviews on Yelp. The service was very bad. Even no orange juice at this restaurant. I ordered salmon sandwich and soup. They were just OK.	0
I'm so torn about this place, because while the food is really good, my friend and I had a really bad experience with a rude-as-McEnroe waiter during dinner a few weeks back.  We get there at about 5:30 for an early dinner, and we're the only people in the restaurant. My friend brings a half bottle of wine from home because it's BYOB. She orders an 8 dollar salad, I order 15 dollar chicken kebabs. The waiter snaps "You know you need to spend 15 dollars a person to drink your wine." We were kind of shocked. Nowhere on the menu did it mention that. We're the only people there, for goodness sake we only have half a bottle of wine, just let us drink it. We don't listen to him and just keep drinking it. He left us alone after that, but we couldn't believe how rude he was.  The food got to our table pretty quickly, and it was delicious. We were venting as we savored the perfect yogurt sauce on my place (she kept dipping bread into it) about how we wanted to hate this place because of the rude waiter, but the food was too good for us to hate it.  So, I guess make sure to spend at least fifteen dollars a person if you want to split half a bottle of wine over dinner, and enjoy the food.	0
went there for brunch because of the yelp reviews. Horrible experience!!!They dont take reservations , then when we get there we wait for an hour, and they give us the worst seat next to door which opens and get the cold air in and hits me on the shoulder all the time.Brunch menu is nothing great. Bread was cold and hard. All this to order an eggs Benedict which you can get anywhere else in the city and much better too. Will NEVER go back again!	0
Standard brunch food in a sub-standard space.  Tight-fit takes on a whole new meaning here.  Tables are moved so you can get to the bench, then you are wedged in, trapped 12" from two other parties all trying to have a conversation.  The space becomes very loud quickly.  The Rosemary French fries had an interesting flavor but were limp and lackluster.  The French Toast also lacked the outside crispiness I like in a well-cooked french toast.  The French Toast itself had no flavor, and the strawberry compote, although good, wasn't up to the task of saving this dish.  You fought the good fight Strawberry Compote, I applaud your efforts.	0
I have never been more moved to write a review than I am for this place. While the food was decent, I was appalled by the service I experienced here with my friend and will make sure never to return here. My salad was fine and it came according to my request. The complimentary bread was fine as well. But the service from the moment we sat down was abysmal. Our server (presumably the owner or manager as well - even more atrocious that he takes such little pride in serving his customers) without a fleck of irony accused my friend of asking too many questions regarding the menu. She is not picky but was wondering about dairy in some of the items. He laughed in her face when she asked if they carry any dairy alternatives. He seemed annoyed that anyone could want any menu item even slightly altered to fit a dietary need. His overall manner was snobbish and rude throughout our whole time there, but the icing on the cake was the delivery of the check, when I placed down my card and he literally WAGGED HIS FINGER at me as he walked away and barked "cash only" over his shoulder. I don't mind paying cash only, but when I'm treated like an idiot, his "cash only" infuriated me even further. Finally, when I went to give him the cash, I said "from the moment we walked in here, our service has been atrocious", and he countered with "well, I hope to never see you here again". I said "you can count on neither me nor any of my friends ever coming here again". He hollered something bitter at us on our way out, in front of his other customers. Did not ONCE even try to rectify the situation. Both my friend and I have worked in the restaurant industry and have never seen such appalling service. What a disappointment from a place I really wanted to like since I heard the food was good. The best food in the world wouldn't make me go back.  I forgot to mention. The restaurant was empty (save for 2 people) when we arrived, in a place that seats about 20. It was a freezing cold day, and a woman arrived earlier than the rest of the party she was meeting, and this same server made her wait outside in the cold, not even inside the almost empty restaurant. My friend and I just stared with our jaws dropped. She asked if she could even just stand inside the door because it was so cold and he treated her like she was a total idiot. Learn some gentlemanly manners, my friend.	0
Better have a reservation when you come. And make sure your party is all assembled before you even think to step into this restaurant. I didn't have a reservation, but it was empty when I went in. There was no one in the front, not that they'd need someone since the place is at most 10x20.  I was meeting a good friend of mine that I haven't had time to catch up with in about a month. I was early, 5:20pm. The place was empty. I asked the guys in the kitchen if I could just sit anywhere and they said sure. A few minutes after I sat down I was given a bottled of water. Another few minutes of people watching and waiting for my friend a couple came in, immediately followed by this blonde, middle age guy. That guy was either the manager or the owner. Very loud and started talking to the couple, asked them if they had a reservation and how many are in their party. 4 they said, the other two was running late.  Blonde guy turns to me and says "And you, what's your story? Is it just you or are you waiting for someone? Do you have reservations?" Well I didn't have reservations, but with how small the place is, it's ridiculous to need reservations, turnover is easily within a reasonable amount of time. What are they so scared of not having any walk ins? Anyways, I politely answered "No reservations, and my friend should be here in a few." The date was set for 5:30pm.  3 minutes after 5:30pm a trio of girls came in and before the blonde guy even bother to greet them he pokes (POKES!) me on my shoulder and says "You should move here" indicating a seat over. I had enough of his attitude.	0
The staff is sooooooooooo rude!!! After telling me that there is a 15 min wait, the server asks me to get out of his way and wait outside.I walk out and I realize that he just LOCKED the door behind me. When I try to get back in, the couple sitting by the door unlocks the door for me. I am baffled when I see the server run over to the door and lock it back while staring at my face. Then he carries on by yelling at the couple for unlocking the door. Minutes later he brings the wrong order to the girl sitting next to me. He then fights with the cook claiming it was not gia foult and as he is getting physical, we cant help but lapigh because you can see and hear everything that goes on in the kitchen in the shoe box of a restaurant. When he gets to my table, he slams the water bottle where he seated me, the list bizzare incidences go on and on and on. Was it all worth the sashimi peppered salad I've ordered? Absolutely not... If you enjoy being treated like dirt, make sure to check out Nook, you will not be disappointed!	0
I walked in excited to try to the Goulash and was told he was fully booked with two empty tables. Horrible way to treat a customer just because he didn't want to seat one person.	0
Wasn't very impressed with the place. The server/manager/owner was very kind to us but the food.. meh. I liked the Artisian Ham Sandwich that I ordered, but there was a little too much cheese on it. I liked the sweetness of the apple crisps though. Also, when I think 'brunch', I imagine breakfast being on the menu. If you're craving breakfast, go elsewhere. I was craving just that but I settled with lunch. The yelp is misleading.	0
Tiny... OK food. Rude service on the day - but will re-visit to make my final judgement. Had poached eggs (florentine). Can't do a soy cap - which is really funny these days and waiter ignored us for ages to order and to get the bill. Can't hang everything on one person so will try again and revise score if needed. Place is very small - kinda annoying. You basically sit next to EVERYONE.	0
I come here ALL the time and I LOVE this place. I usually deal with the owners horrid behavior because the food is that good, UNTIL last night. I called two weeks ago and made a reservation for 4 at 7:30 pm. When my sister wasn't able to join I called back and changed it to 3 at 7:30pm. Apparently the owner put us in the book at 7pm even though I had spoke to him twice, and my family would not have even arrived in the city to make a 7pm reservation. Then when I came in he was rude, told me "he didn't make mistakes", and wouldn't seat us at his four top. I can't even count the number of times I have eaten here because I come that often!!! I probably will go back, but my suggestion is call every single day to confirm your reservation and speak slowly like you are explaining something to a child. OR go on Saturdays when Ramon is working!! He is the best : )	0
This place is relatively new, so I'm open to trying again and changing my review.  Went here for a friends bday. It's got a cute vibe, you can get a free glass of wine with a yelp check-in.  The food just isn't anything special. I had some type of chicken cordon bleu dish--great concept but it wasn't hot when it was served.  It seemed to be thoroughly cooked, but maybe it sat awhile before coming out to me.  Again, nothing special, but I'm hoping they get better over time.	0
Yelp lied to me. Service was great, but the food was wildly unsatisfying. None of the sauces seemed home made, some ragu shit. Baby octopus was tender, but the bruschetta was not worth it and neither were their stuffed mushrooms. Maybe saggios ruined me.	0
Far too expensive for a small serve of disappointing pasta. I was hoping so much to like this place, but the pasta was rubbery and bland. It's such a great space and the service was extremely friendly. Fingers crossed they get better with time!	0
My friends at Columbia always rave about this place, saying that its SOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDD, and me, being the ramen connoisseur that I am, put this on my list of places to try. This past Saturday (101814), I finally got my chance to go to Jin Ramen in order to cure my chicken and beer hangover from the previous night. My friends and I walked over to Jin Ramen after checking to make sure they were open for lunch. It seemed to be pretty crowded but when we walked in, we were able to be seated almost immediately. We were seated right near the door, which I had no problems with, but it was a little awkward to sit three people with giant student backpacks here. But whatever, I was finally here! Time to see what the hype was about. One of my friends recently became crazy about pork buns, so we started off by ordering the pork buns, which apparently, are a new thing here (??). When they came, they looked pretty delicious. Now, I am not a pork bun aficionado like my friend, but I could tell that their pork buns weren't going to be as great as pork buns that I've eaten at other places. For one thing, my pork bun fell apart and stuck to the plate when I tried to pick it up. My pork bun also had iceberg lettuce in it - like a giant leaf. All the other pork buns I've had never had a giant leaf of iceberg lettuce chilling between the bun and the meat. I mean, I guess it was a nice juxtaposition in taste and texture, but I just don't think that iceberg lettuce chunks really belong in pork buns. Just sayin'. Shortly after we finished eating our pork buns, our ramen arrived. I ordered the spicy tonkatsu ramen, as I heard it was one of Jin Ramen's most popular dishes. What I liked about the ramen was that it came with a giant wooden spoon that wouldn't fall into the bowl, which is perfect for clumsy, messy eaters such as myself. The broth wasn't super spicy, but it had a nice kick to it, which I enjoyed. However, that was basically all I liked about this ramen. The noodles themselves, were very weak and tasteless - they kind of tasted like whole wheat versions of instant noodles. If you ate the noodles and toppings separately from the broth, it would be a pretty tasteless meal. Not exactly what I was expecting to cure my hangover. One weird thing that happened to my friend's ramen (she also ordered the spicy tonkatsu ramen) was that there was some film that formed on the surface of her bowl after she was done eating ... she moved it with her spoon/ladle and it didn't break ??? What the fuck is that ?? Needless to say, I'm fairly disappointed with Jin Ramen. I tried really hard to like Jin Ramen, but I don't think I can give it a great review.	0
I came here on a lunch break with my co workers and this was maybe the second time I've eaten ramen. Embarrassingly enough I was the only one that had to eat it with a fork after failing miserably with the chopsticks. I ordered the Shio ramen and it was ok. I guess I'm just not a fan of ramen. I wouldn't come back.	0
I thought ramen was a hard thing to mess up, but man, was I wrong. Jin ramen has a lot of potential, but really did not wow me with its $15 bowls of ramen. I liked the fact that the toppings were all already included (chasu, bamboo, seaweed, soft boiled egg), because most ramen places charge an arm and a leg for these individual add-ons, but the noodles tasted cheap as if pre-packaged and purchased from the refrigerated aisle of an asian grocery store. The broth in the spicy tonkotus was pretty flavorful and so was the green curry, but out of the plethora of ramen joints I've tried (10+, #ramenislife), I was very unimpressed, and maybe even a bit disturbed.  The pork buns were good, and the chasu was moist, but the ramen was a let down. Good try Jin, but not quite good enough.	0
Jin used to be my favorite ramen spot, however something has changed. The broth of the Ramen has become way too greasy and I always leave feeling congested. I thought that maybe I caught the restaurant on a bad day so I made two more visits and the broth continues to be greasy. As a confirmation, I overheard two other guests vocalize my same feelings to their waiter.  Jin, we had some good times, but I'm moving on.	0
I don't generally like to give negative reviews, but as my dining partner said whilst filling out the survey that came with the check, "They need to know."  We went to Jin on a Tuesday night and the place was poppin'! The actual location is rather small so we were lucky to get a table for two after only a 15-minute wait.  We ordered the pork buns to share and felt that they were just average. The pork was a little dry, and the iceberg lettuce on top didn't seem to really be seasoned with anything, leaving the bun as a whole rather bland and us rather underwhelmed. We both ordered the spicy tonkotsu ramen, but I asked for the mayu (spicy soybean and roasted garlic paste) and rayu (spicy sesame oil) sauces on the side so that I could add the spice to taste. I personally judge a ramen more by the broth than by the noodles, and my friend and I both felt that the broth was uncomfortably greasy, and I had only put about a third of the accompanying oil into my bowl. Two-thirds of the way through our bowls, we decided not to force it any longer, so we put down our chopsticks and just chatted. About 15 minutes later, I looked down to find that a solid layer of oil had formed on top of the broth in my bowl. It was firm enough that I could actually pick it up with my chopsticks. We left sad and with a bad taste (and layer of residual grease) in our mouths. The temptation was to think, "Well, what did you expect? Noone goes up to Harlem for ramen!" but I rebuke that because the bar shouldn't have to be lower just because Jin is north of some line in Manhattan. Maybe we just had a poor experience. I certainly hope that's the case!	0
When they first opened, I felt that Jin Ramen surprisingly could compete with some of the top Ramen shops in the city. (Especially north of 60th street.)  I enjoyed, in particular, the Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen, Nankotsu Kara-age (fried chicken with cartilage), and Pork Gua Bao (Pork Bun sliders). My past two visits have show a marked drop in quality, with the dishes inconsistently assembled and heated. (Cold fried chicken and sloppily assembled pork buns.) It was very disappointing, as I really did enjoy eating there. Please also note, that they recently lost their Health Inspection "A" grade, and have a "Grade Pending", which means they failed an inspection and are awaiting re-inspection. I wonder if the owners expansion into the Donbori (rice bowl) shop next door and their opening of other restaurants in the neighborhood, has made it too difficult to keep enough staff trained, and caused them to lose focus?  In any case, I miss the old Jin Ramen, so I will try them again, and update my review if things improve. (Based on prior visits, Jin Ramen is capable of being a strong four star restaurant.)	0
Hmm.. I'm not really impressed by this place. Paid $16 (including tax &amp; tip) for a bowl of ramen during lunch that frankly didn't leave me very full. Decor is nice, A/C was a bit too chilly, and the waitstaff was sort of apathetic.  I got the Hiyashi Chuka and it was just okay. The sauce was a bit too salty for my liking, portion was less for the price, and there just wasn't much to the ramen except for the char siu pork and some vegetables. I could barely taste the mustard and kelp flavor coming from the broth/sauce, as described from the menu. I will give them that the ramen is al dente and that I like the consistency of the egg yolk and the pork, but I guess for me it doesn't really justify the price. Also, the waiters basically treated this place like a fast food joint, yet I still had to tip. I had to make contact with them for ordering and getting the check because they were just talking to each other. Bringing out the food and water, they didn't say anything and just plopped it in front of me. Also, when leaving, two of the waiters that had their conversation right in front of me (which was also annoying) didn't say any words of goodbye. I usually love ramen, but this experience sort of left me conflicted as this is the closest ramen joint to me.	0
Terrible Shio Ramen. Strange ponzu/ citrusy flavor is so jarring. Soup is like water with additives. Chashu is the only edible thing. My friend ordered Tonkotsu, which is way better than mine but just meets the average in terms of Japanese cuisine.	0
I'm going to preface this by saying this is a review for their service, not the actual ramen.  I've been to Jin several times. I've brought friends here time and time again. Most recently was this past June (it's taken me a while to bring myself to write this, I know). I came here on a cold, rainy summer day, I brought two friends who hadn't ever been to Jin before. We all met at Jin after work, and we were starving. It was busy as usual, so we had to wait a couple of minutes to be seated, but no big deal.  When were actually seated, the host/waiter put us in the seats right by the door. Since that area was swelling with people waiting for seats/take out and the air coming in was cold, we asked to be moved to three open seats a little further in. The waiter refused and said that they had to keep those open in case a group of four people wanted to sit there. We resigned to keeping our seats by the door since we had no other options, only to watch the waiter seat another group of three in the exact seats that we had asked for. We ordered our food, and started talking/waiting for our food to arrive.  We waited for 30 minutes when the group next to us, who ordered after us, got their food before we did. We gave the waiter the benefit of the doubt and waited a little longer. After some time, (the group next to us was well into their food) we tried to flag down the waiter, which in itself was difficult to do, and asked where our food was, only to find that the waiter had never put the order in. The waiter blamed it on a glitch in the system, but I'm going to call bullshit and say that people mess up more than computers do - Don't blame the computer, take the responsibility and apologize.  We waited another half hour. By this point the group next to us already had their check and was ready to leave, and we finally got our food. By then we were just hangry as hell. We couldn't enjoy our food because we were treated so badly. I just want to get out of this restaurant that I've been in for far too long. What bothered me the most was that despite making us wait and recognizing that they made a mistake, they did nothing to make it better. They didn't offer us a dessert, a meal, a discount, a sincere apology... nothing.  This experience ruined Jin Ramen for me, and I can safely say that I will never go back there. I will never bring my friends here or recommend it to others.  Step it up, Jin.	0
I read somewhere on the Internet that their pork broth was cooked for 6hr and I'm skeptical about this. I have tried those Japanese instant pork broth before and they taste exactly the same. Don't get me wrong. The pork broth is tasty. Just that its not what I have expected.  Since you named yourself Jin Ramen, I would expect a lot from your ramen and not other items on your menu.  And also, it seems like the owner or chef isn't Japanese. I trust Japanese more for Japanese food.  I don't quite like their noodles. It has a strong taste which I do not know how to describe.  The only good thing about this shop was their service.  It's good for people who stay around that area and have cravings for ramen.	0
I live in harlem so i was excited to see that i didnt have to go too far to get ramen!!! However when i got there, there was a wait which was fine because there is a covered outdoor area where you can wait semi cold instead of freezing.  When we got seated the waiter was very friendly and efficient considering that the place was busting at its seams. He even joked around :) We ordered steamed pork buns and the spicy tonkatsu ramen. The ramen came out pretty quickly but no signs of pork buns... we asked the waiter and he ordered it again (we sat at the bar so we were watching all of the action at the kitchen) a set of pork buns came out but it went to another table. So we ordered again and he put it in again. However we finished our ramen and no buns. At this point our waiter apologized and asked if we wanted it to go and it would be on the house but who wants cold buns so we asked to just have it.  now for the review of the food, it was very mediocre. I am no food expert but i love it and ive been to ippudo 1 and 2, totto ramen, and a dozen over manhattan and brooklyn. I really liked the noodles, theyre cooked perectly soft and chewy not overcooked. But my biggest biggest concern was the amount of oil. I am not a type of person to blot even pizza but it was scary!!! It wasnt just around the rim as usual it was a whole layer across the whole bowl.  We didnt want to be rude and make a scene so we just scouped it out into a separate bowl halfway trhough our meal and it still was so much.... by then end of the meal it hardened which grossed me out a lot.. :( As for the pork buns they were okay.. i feel like the pork they use for ramen and buns were in general a little tough and had a pork smell to them (i know of course it should smell like pork but you get it if you know about meat) and the sauce was a spicy mayo that wasnt spicy and just very creamy, which i didnt like. In conclusion, if you are desperate and live in harlem head over and dont order the spicy oily tonkatsu ramen and pass on the pork buns. But if u live anywhere else there are better options ;) but shout to the waitstaff!!!! They were nice fun and great at their job~ Cheers!	0
I was a big fan of Jin Ramen ever since they opened, but since every Columbia student and transplant in a 7 block radius has now found it -its become too busy. Service is down and now I just found out they are now no longer delivering to my area. I used to love it, but now I have found a bunch of other places to get ramen. I doubt they will miss my business.	0
Not ramen if you're a ramen lover. Maybe there was a change of owner or chef, maybe they just needed to cut costs. Either way, only disappointment awaits if you're looking for a worthwhile ramen experience.  $1.25 extra for sesame oil (as a topping)?? $1.25 extra for a little mayo to go with your dry karaage?? And flat, tasteless lo mein noodles?? Fail.	0
I was all hopeful to get a good bowl of ramen but sadly was disappointed. Ordered the fried chicken cartilage for starter. It came out more like fried chicken nuggets and was too salty. Tonkatsu ramen soup was good but the ramen was like undercooked. ;-(	0
Color me unimpressed!  I think I knew it when the hostess asked us to wait outside. I don't know what they are going to do when the weather gets colder?! Maybe you wouldn't have to wait then. I think it is just opening buzz for now.  It is a crowded and very noisy ambience we couldn't carry a conversation even though we sat next to each other at the bar.  To cut to the chase, the pork bun was kinda terrible. The meat was tough and flavorless. The boneless fried chicken was ok but I have had better.  More importantly, the spicy tonkotsu ramen was sub par at best. It was a salty mess with weird ramen noodles!  I went to a school near by, and there was nothing around back then. I guess it is a nice addition to the area and appealing to the students, but you wouldn't want to go here if you have tasted authentic Japanese ramen. I personally would spend a couple more dollars for better one.	0
The noodles aren't good and the soup lacks depth... In total, the ramen here is okay but definitely not authentic Japanese ramen	0
Since I was told about this place from multiple people I thought the ramen would be good. I was pretty disappointed. The noodles tasted like mama's noodles (supermarket ramen) and the amount of pork belly was very little and not that great (I ordered extra as well) If you want good ramen stick with Minca (in LES) or Toto (Midtown). Those are top tier and they use really good noodles. Believe.	0
A walk down Broadway led me to this small ramen house hiding behind a set of staircase. There was a list of positive reviews on the Yelp app so I proceeded to stop in for lunch. Their open kitchen made the place felt bigger than its actual size. The light wooden décor was eye pleasing, accentuated by an airy interior and good natural lighting. There were plenty of open tables and I was quickly seated at the walk up counter facing the kitchen. The sight of large pots of broths simmering simultaneously rendered all the sensibilities of a ramen house. I tried the Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen ($12) that came with 6-hour pork broth, chashu, spicy mayu, skinny straight noodles, bamboo, roasted seaweed, and half soft-boiled egg. The broth was thick velvety with a deep tonkotsu flavor. However, it was also flat, one-dimensional, and one key ingredient away from having wow factor. I'm a thick curly egg noodles kind of guy, but thought the straight noodles were a-okay. The chashu came in small cuts and were delicious. The half soft-boiled egg was on point but the soft center could be improved.   I kept thinking there's something missing in the broth that could help to anchor the flavors and add lifts and depths to expand one's appetite. In terms of price and value, Tsujita's ramen costs the same but are simmered for 60 hours with tremendous flavors. Ramen Yamadaya gives larger portions, is more affordable, and their broth is simmered for 20 hours. The price and taste also did not measure up to places such as Daikokuya and Santouka, just to name a few. There was a show of promise, but not enough for me to rate them higher. My top ramen spot in NYC is still Totto Ramen. Chefs were very friendly but the staff didn't seem to have an established protocol for the service I was expecting. In the end, I asked for an itemized receipt but had to experience a moment of confusion on what I needed. I really wanted to like this place so hopefully they will discover that broth to distinguish themselves from all others. I'm willing to return to give them another chance.	0
Decent food but terrible wait in the rain.  Said it would be 45 minutes and waiting at least 60.  Table service took forever.  Phone doesn't work so you can't call.  Total bummer.	0
The attitude of the servers are really really terrible! Really terrible!!!!! I cannot believe that one of the servers was just yelling at customers when they asked for service. How can this happen in restaurant ?! people believe Yelp's recommendation, so they come to have a try. However, I recommend not to come here to get angry! Besides, the food is  disgusting, too!	0
This review is for rice bowl: We came in at noon (group of 5). Waited until 1:20 to get our good. Mine was cold (should have been warm) with a semi raw egg. And multiple patrons were served before us. The food was okay. Do not come here unless you want to wait and have cold food.	0
I will not eat here again. Because when I took delivery. I waited 1hours. And then  it was too late, and the phone staff is very rude. When delivery came here, bowl was broken. And taste is  different to jin restaurant. What happen?It is no taste. Actually I liked jin restaurant. But today is really freak. So I will never go there.	0
Who'd have thought Yelpers hated waiting in lines so much? Sure, nobody enjoys them (except the Japanese...and maybe the British), but to give a restaurant such high ratings because you have to stand outside for less time? Fellas, there's a reason people wait outside Totto and Ippudo. It's because they peddle really good ramen. They're two different styles, assuredly, but they're also both leagues better than what they sell at Jin. Directing people here as though it is comparable to either should only be done by strict absurdists. I'm not basing this review on one fluky encounter, or shitty service, or bitching about how far it is from where I live. The ramen is just flat out not good. I've endured enough nonsensical hype to force myself to go on multiple occasions, to see if there's just something I'm not getting. There isn't.  The noodles are not on par with Totto, and certainly not Ippudo. Perhaps they are equal to Setagaya or Hide Chan, but that is only when they are cooked consistently, which is rare. The noodles at Jin are frequently underdone to the point of puzzlement, as if in a moment of panic some line cook said "BALLS! We didn't put the noodles in this batch!" I posit this because additionally, the noodles have little flavor of the broth that envelopes them. Broth which is likewise disappointing. Spicy tonkotsu, regular tonkotsu, shio, shoyu - it matters not. Pick one, and prepare to be underwhelmed. There is no depth to anything. The heat level of the spicy tonkotsu is laughable, and the creaminess is entirely superficial. Beyond the sheen coating the top layer, the unctuous fever dream ramen should be dissipates into nothing.  The second star is in recognition of the few things done right. The chashu is fine. The other toppings (negi, nori, menma, etc) are likewise fine. There is a happy hour, the length of which is decently long and the discounts it imparts are not insubstantial. Finally, the smaller items, such as the pork buns and the karaage, are acceptable. It is unfortunate that Jin could not be more of a success. The area is bereft of good Japanese food, ramen or otherwise, and in spite of the collective babble on Yelp, it continues to be.	0
The dumplings were delicious but the pork ramen was bland. The noodles were also bland.	0
Terrible service, takes way too long, and screws up my order with no apologies of any kind, or reimbursement. Makes take-out and to-go orders while we sit inside waiting 30 minutes for them to fry some chicken. One customer's complaints may not matter to a busy place like this, but I'm personally never coming back here ever again. Came here hungry, left the restaurant pissed off. Figure this **** out or you guys aren't gonna last. I'm personally going to make sure my entire school knows about the bull that goes on here.	0
This place is so over rated its not funny---- the ONLY reason that it's busy is because it's small and also it's the only noodle shop in Harlem. It's a waste of money-- it's not tasty and it's All NOODLES and some veggies. If you want a real Japanese noodle meal go to MENCHANKO.  There are a few locations. Not only is it cheaper but WAY better and there's more than cup o noodles than Jin Ramen. Lots more to choose from, choice of noodles also. I will NEVER return. PS I've lived in Japan and were in the culture for 10 years. STOP wasting your money and go to a real noodle shop! JIN RAMEN is Cup O Noodle for $14.00. Highly over rated!!! Columbia students have no where else to go so this place is busy--- it's all profit for them. Water, noodles and a few of the same vegetable. Terrible!	0
Jin Ramen is an average to poor Ramen shop, which likely owes its relative popularity to its location and lack of any direct or indirect competition in the area.  This is mediocre ramen for those who want quick food without a subway ride.  I love ramen of all kinds and would be thrilled to have a good ramen shop in my neighborhood, but sadly this is not it, and I would certainly not recommend anyone going out of their way for this place.  I had the tonkotsu ramen, which was served luke warm and lacked the complexity that pork bone broth usually possesses.  The noodle was overcooked, lacking the expected tooth of a Ramen noodle, and was closer in taste to whole wheat linguine than actual ramen noodles.  At a moment when there are many great ramen restaurants around NYC, I would not recommend this one at all.  It might be a few dollars cheaper than the midtown and downtown competition, but Jin Ramen really skimps on quality.  Moreover, the service is terrible -- go at a busy time and you will be rushed in and rushed out as quickly as possible.	0
I could copy and paste Naina's review because the very same thing happened to me and my friends. Once they realized they forgot our order, the only difference was they blamed the cooks and not the system. It was obvious this was a lie by the (French?) waiter. Incredibly annoying and disrespectful to not take the blame and apologize for wasting all of our time. On top of that, once the food arrived 40 minutes later, it was all the wrong order. Probably the worst dining experience my friends and I have had. No chance of going back to this terrible service.	0
Um. I don't agree with the hype around Jin Ramen! There are some aspects which are genuinely Japanese in nature, like their greetings, but then again, the food is horrifying! A ramen should make me want to eat and eat and eat. Yet my sad little bowl of Spicy Tonkatsu ramen was anything but enticing. The bowl of ramen had a truly unappealing layer of red oil. Stir it with your chopsticks and you will find a slightly  whiter broth. Um? I had two slices of the fattiest piece of pork, like the kind I would eat with a Korean bossam, not in a tonkatsu ramen. perhaps education is needed for the consumer so that they understand what they order??!! The broth was incredibly porky pungent. Need a visual? imagine an entire pork was done in for this broth. yeck. There was half an egg which looked more like a thousand year old egg. The noodles were MEH!!!!!!! It wasn't somen, but I was incredibly disappointed. I explicitly requested bean sprouts for additional $1 &amp; found only a sad measly sprinkle of old sprouts. A bowl of ramen which costs me $14 needs to be worth my time.  Hubby's chio ramen was better. At least the broth was.  Go. Figure!!!!  I have to believe that there is a reason why people trek to competitor (or perhaps not in the same league) for genuine, delicious Japanese ramen.	0
Went to Jin today and had almost identical experience to that of a reviewer below. We were seated after about ten minutes right next to another group. They got their food almost immediately, while we waited an extra 45 minutes for ours. They had eaten and paid their check before our food even arrived. We asked one server, than another, and it seems they had given our food to someone else. We'll get it right out, they cheerfully assured us. Nope. When the soup finally came it was lukewarm. The service in the place is simply horrible. We are not going back, despite the quality of the broth. This place needs to get its act together.	0
Really bad attitude! I just want to let server know we are ready to order but the server say "don't you see everyone is waiting" in an angry tone. I have no offense and actually I'm the first one get in the restraunt but the very last to order. I won't eat here anymore.	0
Love this place. But the lunch staff is terrible, rude, wouldn't sit this lady or guy alone despite the place being empty. It is painful to watch. They're nice enough to me but just is a bit too New York during the day. Gone twice during day. Never had a problem at night but the place is also packed	0
Wow.  this ramen is so different.  the noodles are very flimsy and the broth is VERY thick. the chashu pork is good but i can't believe they charge you extra for everything ($1 for corn? scallion?)  My ramen was $16 with one extra topping....overpriced for sure.	0
Same thing happened to me that happened to Jake &amp; Naina. While understandable that mistakes can occur during a lunch hour that is crazy and crowded, I'd appreciate if the staff had enough honesty to notify us that they forgot our order, enough efficiency to tell us how long it'll actually take, enough sense to compensate for our wasted time, and enough integrity to not blame it on the chefs, who are the only folks here that actually know what they are doing. Don't eat here. There's plenty of ramen in NYC.	0
I used to like this place a lot. They have overcooked the noodles on more than one occasion so I'm not going back. Boring review I know but if they can't make decent noodles what's the point?	0
Noodles vs. Broth. Ah, the great big debate between the two main ramen ingredients. It's obvious that both need to work together in perfect harmony, but if I absolutely had to pick I'd say that noodles are more important. So, when I took my first bite of the noodles in my tonkotsu ramen here, I was just surprised and...confused. I took another bite. And another. Nope, it was still the same. Even though I like my noodles al dente and thick, the noodles were way too undercooked and did not soak up any of the broth. Chewy wouldn't even begin to describe the consistency. They were also flatly shaped and began clumping together in some places. Needless to say, I was incredibly disappointed. When the noodles fell flat (!) for me, I eagerly turned to the broth. Surely, I thought,  the broth would offer some relief and justify all of the raving reviews for the ramen at Jin! Sadly, this was not the case. I did not taste much depth to the broth; there was no fullness and no richness. Being a broth made from boiling pork bones, I wasn't expecting a lot of spices, but I was searching and longing for the taste of the hearty marrow when all I had left in front of me was a pretty bland soup. The toppings were probably the best part. The scallions and menma (fermented bamboo shoots) added some necessary crunch, the egg yolk made the broth slightly creamier, the char siu pork slice was flavorful and dripped from our chopsticks, and the nori...well, I just like nori. The ramen is a good size as I was comfortably stuffed after my meal here, but I just did not feel the satisfaction that I was looking for.  I do appreciate its close proximity to the 1 train and the fact that there was almost no wait. I really, really want to owe it to the fact that it was situational and that it was an off day. Right, Jin? Please tell me that's the reason. Likelihood of another visit: I'm all about second chances and I do want to try their hiyashi chuka in the summer.	0
Slooooow service.  I'd expect this from a California ramen shop, but here in NYC it's a bit unacceptable.  We waited over half an hour to get seated (which was expected), then another half an hour for our ramen to arrive (not expected).  They try to be creative by using giant wooden ladles as soup spoons, but it just doesn't work with me.  I have a relatively large mouth, but the angle the ladle is positioned makes it a bit difficult to use as a spoon....because it should be used for cooking and not consuming soup? There's a Michelin review they post in the front where it states Jin as the best ramen above 59th St.  Well, there's a reason for that - it's practically the only one in the area.  People running their own race will always be a winner.  The second a good competitor arrives, it will be game over for them. Overall, this place is overhyped, underwhelming, and highly disappointing.  Which is sad because I really wanted to like the place.	0
I can see why people wait in line for totto ramen. - sage words cutting through the layers.  Inadvertent ramen groupies stumbled our way to this place after an almost oral surgery uptown. I really, really, in my heart, wanted to love this place. I have been trying to come here for months - ever since it opened. 125th and Broadway is so close yet such a trek from 133rd and Lenox. Harlem is not my neighborhood per se but as I'm up here nearly 50% of the time, I really root for the restaurants that open up here as I am an honorary hoodbooger. It was disappointing. The broth was cold. The formulation was too thin to coat the noodles. And the noodles, man, what a fuckin bummer! They weren't uncooked, but I was definitely getting more flour flavor than any chicken or pork essence. The texture was almost like soba - but that could also have been because the broth was lukewarm. The soup had no depth to speak of; the only flavor that come through in the shio was Yuzu and soy sauce in the shoyu. I'm really trying to be humble and even go so far as to imagine that maybe my taste buds have become unrefined from the years of intense, in your face kind of ramen broths, but nah, this was wack. I may not be a ramen expert, but I am a noodle pro. There are styles I can't always say I understand, but I can appreciate their necessity in the world; and then there are things like Anna Sui and 95% of New York Fashion Week shows that just should not exist. Jin Ramen falls in the latter camp.  If you have to try it, at least go for a seat at the bar, it will at least make for a good IG picture, which you will inevitably take. The chairs and tables suck.  Just flaccid all around.	0
overrated! how is this place 4 stars!!?  first, to whoever raved about the pork buns on yelp i hate you because i ordered the pork buns and they were horrible!!! DO NOT ORDER THE PORK BUNS!!! the bun was dry and tough, the sauce was indiscernible and the pork was dry and flavorless.  the miso ramen also sucked. the broth was too heavy and thick. the noodles were too soft.  overall, this place sucks	0
Always loved this place, but I got here about 10 minutes before closing to get a take out and was turned away and told the kitchen closes 15minutes before closing which makes no sense.  If you close at 11 then you cannot turn people away before then.  Really upset by this especially since I can way outta my way to get here...	0
It's hard to rate Jin.  Most of the time they're great, I love the ramen and food in general and the service is great.  Then every once in awhile the service is really bad and orders are mixed up. After going there for awhile, I finally found out why.  I overheard some of the staff talking and it seems some of the management are into late nights with lots of drinking/drugs, and will randomly not show up to work or show up late and force other staff to cover for them on short notice (one was even bragging about being able to do that). This is causing the quality of service to suffer and needs to be looked into.	0
I love lobster rolls. My standards are high because my first lobster roll was right on the pacific coast of Maine itself. This is my second time at Luke's, and I am disappointed. Their lobster roll is COLD.. Wtf? And small as fuck. Lobster rolls in Maine are $15 or less yes, but it's at least TWICE as big as Luke's has to offer. I also got the clam chowder because everyone was raving about it on yelp.. Really? Au Bon pain has better clam chowder than this salty bowl of "clam chowda." And it's $8. That's almost $9 after tax.  So disappointed. Don't understand how this chain is thriving when they're robbing their customers and claiming to say they're the "taste of Maine"  Oh please.	0
It's fine. Overpriced. And I'm totally ok with paying too much for a really amazing sandwich but this was not a really amazing sandwich. It was fine. Props to the owners for an idea that's just unique enough to draw interest.	0
I'm from Maine and I've had my fair share of lobster and lobster rolls. Although not bad Luke's lobster rolls were a little disappointing. First, I will give props to the spices, lack of fillers and the proper use of a New England hot dog bun. These were all highlights and what you'd expect from a good lobster roll. Also, it was fresh and the claw meat was tender. A+ However, a real/proper lobster roll should have more than just the claw meat and it should most definitely have more than a 1/4 lb of meat. Come on Luke...you're from Maine! Don't try to pass this off as authentic if you're gonna skimp! A true lobster roll should have at least 1 (yes ONE) WHOLE lobster (claw, tail - best part - legs, etc). There's a place in Dixfield, ME called Rowe's. Their rolls have one and a half lobsters in it...for $17.00. Wanna talk about a real lobster roll? Try it, you won't be disappointed. Next...last time I checked, crabs were NOT a Maine thing. Taste of Maine would be lobster and clams. Maybe shrimp...but that's a stretch. I was also disappointed that I couldn't get a steamed lobster. How do you have a place like that and not actually sell live or steamed lobster?! Tragic! I'm sad that this place isn't more 'authentic' for those of you who don't know the difference. I wanted to love this place but I guess it wasn't in the cards.	0
I honestly have no clue what all the hype is about this place how in the world it has 4 stars. Maybe it's the fact that most of its reviewers have never had an authentic lobster roll from Maine... I really don't know. If it's your first time eating a lobster roll, I wouldn't recommend losing your virgin taste buds at this knock off lobster roll joint. Just plan a weekend getaway, hop on the megabus and go to freaking Maine for the real lobster roll experience. This commercialized, wannabe lobster roll joint offers you bite sized portions, cold lobster straight outta the freezer and is not fresh nor is it flavorful. For $15 this place is a complete rip off. I'm sorry but to be honest, you'll probably enjoy a better meal off of the Mcdonalds dollar menu.	0
I have little to none experience with Lobster rolls, however, personally I cannot understand why you would serve lovely warm buttered rolls which were delectable but then suddenly you feel ICE COLD lobster on your palate. It's just not pleasurabe. My experience with lobster is mostly pasta or warm dishes, and the lobster did taste and smell very fresh, just off putting on the freezing temp	0
I had to break up with Luke. And I'm never going back to him. Even tho the food is absolutely delicious (albeit pricey), the service is consistently miserable. The people who work there have either have been brow beaten into some sort of 'don't' think outside the box' role, or just can't use their brains. I have a few stories, but here was my final straw with them:  Me "I'll have the Crab Roll this time, please. Here is my frequent diner card." Them "This is a Lobster Roll Card. You got a Crab Roll." Me "There are different cards?" Them "Yes" Me "Ok, then can I have a Crab Card?" Them "No." blank stare.... I thought he was kidding... Me "Ha Ha!"  pause pause  "I can't have a Crab Card?" Them "No, you have a Lobster Card" Me "What? My friend just used a Crab Card when she ordered the Crab Roll. I just ordered a Crab Roll but I can't?" Them "Right" Me- confused look on my face Them "She doesn't eat lobster." Me "So because I eat lobster,  I can only have a Lobster Card?" Them "Yes" Me "Even though I just ordered a Crab Roll?" Them "Yes" Me "Seriously?" Them "Yes" What?? This is a FREQUENT DINER CARD PEOPLE. The entire purpose of it is to get people to come back. You have them stapled to wall to show off your repeat customers!  I can only have one or the other but I can't have both? Why do you even have two? Is the price point THAT different? And if you didn't know I ate lobster you would have given me a card? I'm still so confused. This might be the dumbest customer loyalty program in the world. He was miserable and unhelpful. If I hadn't already paid I really would have left.  First World Problems, I realize, but still. Makes no sense and I got the dumbest reasoning for it.  You have now lost a frequent customer due to your frequent customer program. Solid platform.	0
This place is A LOT of hype and that's about it. My bf and I went here for our anniversary. We were looking for low-key but good food and thought this place seemed promising. I was very disappointed. The place is super cramped so you pretty much are sitting on top of everyone else when you go. We ordered the Noah's Ark which was $44 (approx.) for a lobster roll, shrimp roll and crab roll all split in half. The rolls were tiny and had little flavor. Pretty much all you could taste was butter. They try to explain this away by saying they're "Maine style" but seriously, if Maine style is just overly buttered cold seafood, why would you open a restaurant that served only that? My favorite part of the meal was the pickle and the root beer. This was a very expensive, very disappointing meal and I was hungry about 20 minutes later. This was very very far from the best $50 I ever spent.	0
my love of seafood, the four star rating and the delicious looking pics lured me in. i ordered the taste of main. Which is the half lobster roll, half shrimp roll and half crab roll ( i believe). The meal costed me about $22. i guess i had high expectations because of the price and location but i was let down. The rolls had no flavor and looked like they were put together at a backyard cook out.	0
Came back into town, and picked-up two lobster rolls which were fantastic. Service was friendly and quick. The lobster roll was tender, and just hit the spot.  Then ordered two days later for delivery, they said it would take 20 minutes. Called back 45 minutes later when my food was still not delivered. They just told me everything was out, and hung up. When I called back to inquire - they just stopped answering my calls.  My food did come 10 minutes later (it was only a one block delivery), and the delivery guy looked puzzled when the tip was not very good.   The food that was there was good, but the two claws that came with the meal was missing.  After they stopped answering my calls - I didn't even bother to call back again.	0
I frequent their trucks as well as their East Village location, and I used to think this place had the bomb lobster roll.  My wife and I went back here last Thursday for lunch and it was the same as it ever was - what I thought was a good lobster roll. But NO MORE. It dawned on me that this lobster, alongside Red Hook, and Pearl, and every other lobster joint in the city, is using frozen or previously-picked (meaning, picked at least a few days  before and refrigerated) lobster meat.  This kind of Lobster Roll production is a detriment to the craft and is disrespectful to the product.  It's a real shame.   I was up in CT and went an old run-down lobster shack where they steam the lobsters every morning, pick the meat themselves, and put it on the buttered roll.  There was just so much lobster flavor - SO MUCH MORE than I was used to. Do this for me: go to Luke's Lobster.  Get a lobster roll.  Pull off a piece of Lobster and eat it.  Do you actually taste anything?  Is there actually any real lobster flavor?  I guarantee they're not steaming their own lobsters, so where does the meat come from?  It is totally flavorless.   I like the vibe (and love the whoopie pie) and appreciate the whole Maine thing.  I would love it if they could freshen-up their practices.  Somewhere, somebody is going to open a real lobster shack in the city and do it right...and that person will enjoy much success.   Until then, as with every other lobster joint in the city,  its going to be just a "meh".	0
How were we soooo disappointed? And this is the 3rd time I've been here! Two words that truly ruin it for me evvvverytime: CUSTOMER SERVICE "Hey, we'd like to spend $40 and purchase the Noah's Ark please?" Whether we spend $4 or $40, I expect the same service every time, anywhere. Working in the service industry taught me how important this is, and it shocks me how many restaurants/eats in Manhattan forget about this. The Noah's Ark is awesome; 6 mini sandwiches, 4 giant crab claws, chips and drinks. Perfect for two, thus the reason my boyfriend and I ordered it. Unfortunately they were out of crab claws, so we had some crab bisque instead. It was bad, like really bad, so I kindly requested it to be traded for clam chowder.  "I'm sorry but we can't give refunds after it's been eaten." "But I didn't eat it. We tried it yes, and it was bad." I wasn't about to point out how it was obviously still full. "Sorry but we can't give a refund." I wasn't sure if she misunderstood me when I asked to TRADE MY CRAB BISQUE FOR CLAM CHOWDER, but either way....if your food is bad you should always replace it.	0
Rolls are basically seafood on bread. They lack taste and seasoning. Also, extremely expensive for the amount you get. The Noah's Ark for 2 literally feeds 1 person. Skip this place and grab a roll from The Lobster Place at Chelsea Market if you can.	0
I was wanting to try this place for the longest time. I was excited because of the great reviews. The rolls were tasteless and ice cold (the bun was warm, the fillings ice cold). The lobster had no taste, the shrimp had no taste, the crab was marginally better. I have eaten tons of fresh lobster and shrimp and, as a chef, cooked my fair share. No flavor at all. I was disappointed. The staff seems very nice. The Maine root beer was the best root beer I have ever tasted!	0
DOn't get me wrong, the food is delicious! It truly is! For the food alone and quality, I would give this place 5 stars.  HOWEVER.... For $23, you get a very small portion of a shrimp roll, crab roll, and lobster roll. The rolls are awesome and definitely can be appreciated by anyone looking for or who enjoys good quality seafood. But i was starving after I left...and this is after eating the mini rolls, a bag of chips, and a pickle. AS someone who eats very little in general, I found the quantity to be lacking for the price that's charged (if I may be more blunt, it's way overpriced for the actual amount of food that you get!) Second, the service is sub par. IT was my first time entering this place and when I entered, it was empty...I walked up to the counter, and the guy behind the counter just blankly stares at me and states "Can I help you?" Then when I placed my order, and asked about the soda, he said "They're up there!" and points above his head to a row of soda samples/flavors, then immediately returns his attention to the register (even though there was no one else in line, and it was empty). He wasn't friendly in the least bit. We weren't greeted with a smile or any friendliness, and perhaps ti's just me, but if I'm spending money at an establishment, the employees need to have better attitudes and customer service skills.  As the place became busier over time (my friend and I were there for maybe 45 minutes, tops), the same guy from behind the register kept coming to our seated area asking "May I take your tray?" We felt very rushed, although there were at least 2 other couples in the establishment who were there prior to us and were just sipping their bottles of soda. He never once asked them in a rushed manner if he could take their trays. Finally, this place is SMALL! Too small to sit and enjoy your meal without feeling rushed. When I pay a lot of money for my meal, I personally like having the pleasure of sitting down and enjoying, not  being ushered to eat faster b/c there are other people waiting on tables. Will I ever come here again? Probably not.I do like the quality of food but so many other factors (such as the price, very small spacing, rushed atmosphere, and unpleasant staff) that make it a place I'm unlikely to return to. I'll spend my $25 elswhere on seafood.	0
Where I didn't eat was Luke's Lobster because it looked like a lunch hangout.  Where we went when we walked out of Luke's was Balon across the street which Yelp showed as Luke's and had a great dinner with outstanding service!	0
I thought it impossible but this place sucks all the flavor out of its lobster rolls. The lobster is always way too cold, barely garnished, and really small. The place is also super expensive. I don't understand why people like this spot. I guess the toasted bun is delicious and buttery but that's it. Red Hook Lobster Pound and Pearl's Oyster Bar are far superior.	0
I used to love Luke's. It was a quick and tasty. Unfortunately, I've recently noticed that with every visit, the lobster rolls (my go-to) become progressively smaller and smaller. The size of the bun remains, along with the price tag. However, the amount of meat has clearly declined over the years. Maybe this is pure luck in terms of my timing or maybe the particular UES location I've been frequenting. Sadly enough, as the size of the portions continues to decrease, so will my patronage. I don't need super sized portions - just give me some meat! Come on Luke, don't be stingy, spread the love!!	0
Sorry but I found this to be wildly overrated. The lobster is fresh. But I found the size of the sandwich to be comically small. A 4 or 5 inch roll. That's it. And part of the beauty of a good lobster roll, in my opinion, is the warm bread with fresh chilled lobster. The roll was hardly even room temperature. The staff was friendly. And it has a nice selection of soda and beers. But we basically left still hungry, despite having chips and slaw as well. My wife joked, "A nice snack, now where to for dinner??"  I'll stick to the heartier rolls up in New England.	0
If you are really lobster lover this would be a good choice but not for me so much. Taste good but very expensive for the volume.   Cost performance is not good.  I had crab, lobster, shrimp set with ginger drink and chips. Ginger drink was spicy and very strange taste, I wouldn't drink it again Visiting once would be enough and don't recommend much to my other friends.	0
The Restaurant and service was great but the food was terrible. The food just was either bland or just not good tasting. Would not suggest this place for food but good drinks and environment.	0
How people rate this highly, I don't know, maybe they have poor taste? I got three items: the meatballs, the tomato bread and the patatas bravas, they were all poor horrible. The meatballs were rubbery, the sauce was way too acidic and for reasons unknown they put cucumbers as a garnish- random?? The patatas bravas were drowning in Thai red sauce making them soggy and the sauce was pretty disgusting. The bread had generic tomatoes rubbed on them adding nothing but liquid and subsequently; making it soggy.  This place is pretty horrible and I don't recommend it. No wonder it was pretty empty for 1 PM brunch on a Saturday.	0
Came here for brunch with my girlfriend. The atmosphere is super cute and really wanted to love it but... But was very disappointed in everything we ordered. Everything was bland. Lamb meatballs, shisito peppers, dates ehhh.. And the worst was the shrimp tapas. When the plate arrived the prevention very pretty and rustic but smelled very fishy and tasted fishier!! And we all know shrimp does not taste fishy. However, our server was great!! Maybe it's just a cool place to have drinks..	0
So disappointing!    I was excited when this restaurant opened on the UES as I absolutely love the one in Soho.  We sat at the bar and were immediately put off by the angry, bearded bartender.  He ignored us for awhile, then finally threw a drink menu in front of us. Another 15 minutes passed before we could catch his eye to ask for drinks. He poured the drinks so sloppily and slammed the bottle down. My friend and I just looked at each other--puzzled. Well we ordered the Brussel sprouts which were cold and hard, the chicken which was dry and the octopus which was tasty. When we asked for the check he also threw that down and never said thank you or good bye.  The rest of the staff was harried and not friendly either.  I think the bar was understaffed and I understand they are busy, but that's not our fault.  All the more reason to be pleasant to your customers. Do not think I will try a second time.	0
We went as a group in this new place, just to try. We didn't have a reservation but we were able to find a spot around 6pm. We were told we have to leave around 8pm. Two hours after, after spending $800, we asked for a last bottle of wine. They answered that if it was only for a bottle of wine (and not eating - we already ate a lot to be honest) we have to go because they need the tables. It might seems normal, but you have to know there were available seats for like 10 min before we were asked to leave. We just expected them to be a little ore concerned about us, even more because it's a nice place - food is more than decent, the place is beautiful... And a glass of wine won't have make us stay longer than 15 min. And just to clarify, I lost access to my yelp account and this is really not my first review.	0
What a dull tapas place. After visiting Alta and Casa Mono so  many times  I said let me try this place. I have to say besides the ambience, this place is nothing special. Food was not even mediocre. The mushroom croquettes were  probably the best, but everything else was so not memorable, that I do not even remember what we had.It rarely happens to me to not remember what I ate, but it so happens to be the case with this place. Do not see myself going back! One star for ambience , and I guess one for croquette!	0
Chic look with a friendly warm atmosphere. The seating is tight so you will hear other people's conversations. If you choose to go with the Tapas, be prepared for as noted on the menu small plates with a very pricey bill at the end of your stay. I was surprised and very unhappy with their wine by the glass pours. A $15.00 dollar per glass pour for a medium price bottle of wine is bad form in my book. If I were to choose a restaurant that offers Tapas, I would rather find those restaurants that have Happy Hour prices. Meanwhile, their Tapas were very good. Nice place, but I will order next time a lunch menu item instead of Tapas.	0
Great venue with bad service. We were a party of three and ignored for the majority of our visit. We had to catch attention to request service although surrounded by empty tables. The manager was insincere and seemed inexperienced.	0
Snobby staff or management or whatever.  It was about 4pm on Friday when I called to try to get a ressy.  The person who picked up the phone told me not to worry cuz they were slow so I wouldn't have a problem getting a table.  We walked there, and yes it was dead inside.  It was about 5:15pm when I asked for a table for 3, the staff said we couldn't be seated until 5:30pm.  WTF???  It's a friggin empty restaurant, and you can't even just seat us???!!!!  I mean, I understand if you couldn't let us order before a certain time because maybe the kitchen needs more time to get ready... but you can't even let us sit down at a table?  at an empty restaurant???  I just don't get it!  How do you do business like that?  I mean, I had their food and I liked it, but it's not all that..  There are other good restaurants around there as well.   At the end, we ended up going to another tapas place instead.	0
This place is completely overrated.  The food is OK at best and service slow (granted servers themselves were very nice).  This place is definitely catering to the "spend a lot and leave hungry" crowd.   The pricing and proportions are not in-line for a tapas style restaurant.  There are far better places to go for Spanish food on the UES such as pil-pil.   In addition, the service was very slow and the bill had an error (the wine was priced differently on the bill than the menu). Also, don't plan on using the bathroom at Boqueria.  One needs to navigate a 2' wide path between the back bar and tables.  This is the same path  that all the food coming out of the kitchen needs to pass through.  The architect for the Boqueria fit out should go back to designing screen doors on submarines.....	0
Terrible food. Grilled octopus felt like rubber. Would never go back.  We complained about the taste and they did not offer to make another one nor to take it off the bill.	0
So exciting!  So much anticipation! So desperately needed!  So disappointing.  The fancy pants food court at the World Financial Center could have and should have been great. Instead it is mediocre at best. The mini restaurants run from awful to very good, with most in the fair-to-middling category. Here are some brief thoughts: Olive's -- acceptable, though soulless sandwiches.  Digg Inn -- relatively healthy veggies and roasted meats. Tasty but looks unappetizing. Ordering should be simpler. Staff is nice.  Skinny Pizza -- bizarrely disorganized pizza place. NYC cracked the code for quick, efficient pizza service back when Jesus Christ was in Pampers. Why on earth does it take these guys so long to serve a slice? Oh and the pizza sucks.  Mighty Quinn's -- good bbq but how much bbq can you eat? Num Pang -- Vietnamese sandwich shop. Meh.  Umami Burger -- greasy burgers a stones throw from Shake Shack? Useless. And so dark and sad! Little Muenster -- so much grilled cheese. I like their Cuban sandwich.  Chopt -- salad bar. Fine.  Dos Toros -- well run Mexican where everything tastes the same--bland.   Blue Ribbon Sushi -- Excellent. Best sushi in the area and very well run. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. I'm all for smashing all the other places and making Hudson Eats a vast Blue Ribbon Sushi.  Hudson Eats fills a need. Demand is strong in battery park city for good eats. Don't look at me like that, I mean it. This place does not satisfy demand. Except for the sushi. I'll take more of that please.	0
Dig Inn:  Lunch rush is crazy and busy...so I opted for the sandwich/salad line.  The person taking the order could not have been less interested in customer service.  No smile, no acknowledgement to my greeting, and after taking my order no words to let me know everything was fine.  At the very least she could have said, "thank you" or "your order will be right up".  But we're New Yorkers, so I don't expect that much.  Here's the kicker, 4 other people who ordered sandwiches after me received theirs before I received mine.  It was so bad that two of the people asked me if I had what they ordered thinking they mixed up the names.  No, I think the person just didn't place the order.  That's why I started with the customer service.  It can't take 4x as long to make one sandwich without any changes as it does to make other people's sandwiches unless the person doesn't put in the  order.  That's a PROBLEM.  It's the lunch rush and your customers deserve better than lunch orders that your staff forgets to place.  To be fair, once they realized the problem, they told me how much longer the wait would be and then apologized for the wait.  That's why there are 2 stars here, because someone (not the person who took my order) recognized there was a problem and tried to make it better.  Not enough, but something.	0
2,5  High reviews led us here but not sure what the 5 stars are all about.  Rotisserie chicken was good and tender and pretty flavorful.  Not the best ever had but pretty good.  Side of rice was below average and the ratatouille was terrible -- nothing like ratatouille I'm used to. Rice bowl - I would give 2 stars..the chicken being the only good part, but much too little of it.  Also had too much herbs de provence flavor. Guess it's good to try a new and healthier option for lunch.  Whole chicken priced crazy high though.	0
I don't know why the reviews are so great for this place. The food is "ok" and the only table they have is almost never available because the owners always have their paperwork spread across it and are using it.	0
Um ...yea ...not sure what's special about this place but tried it today because of the reviews and I have to say I was disappointed. We had the Chicken Provencale and Chicken Rotisserie (sandwiches) ...and did not like them at all ...hard baguette, flavorless chicken ...potatoes in a sandwich? Huh? ...yea, really didn't enjoy.	0
My boyfriend and I were in the neighborhood one weekend, so we decided to give it a try. Walked in and once I saw how small it was, I was about to leave to try another place, thinking it was going to be a long wait. But luckily (or was it?), they were able to seat us within 5 minutes. Little did I know that it would've been better if we had left then...  We were halfway through our food, just taking our time talking and eating when it happened. In mid sentence, my boyfriend stopped talking and made eye contact with me and I just knew something was wrong. I asked him what was wrong, but he kept saying, nothing, with that uneasy smile on his face. I looked around the restaurant frantically to get a clue of what was bothering him.  And there it was. A ROACH. A HUGE ROACH, THE SIZE OF MY TWO THUMBS PUT TOGETHER ON THE CEILING. I've never seen a roach that big in my life. It was the biggest, fattest roach EVER. And it was just there, hanging upside down on the ceiling. Moving ever so slightly. I feared for my life that it would fall from the ceiling and start crawling around on the floor. (I'm getting goosebumps just thinking about it right now.) I gagged a little bit and the couple next to us heard me, found out what I was staring at and pretty much had the same reaction as I had. We quickly asked for our bill and left in a hurry, covering our heads in case the roach falls down.  Absolutely disgusting. I'll never be coming back here for sure. Yuck.	0
What's the most ideal place near Hell's Kitchen to have brunch without breaking the bank? There is a lot of hype surrounding Nook, so it seemed like the perfect place to catch up with my college roommate who will soon be relocating to New York. I figured I could "educate" him on some of the hidden gems of NY. Nook is also BYOB and disgustingly cheap, what's there not to like?!! Everything on the menu looked pretty appetizing, so I decide to go with one of their infamous egg scrambles: spinach, goat cheese and tomatoes. Not being the biggest fan of tomatoes. I politely requested to have them switched for broccoli. Guess it's impossible to do so because replacing it with broccoli would be the end of the world and there are no substitutions. OK, let's try for something less inexpensive like onions. NO SUBSTITUTIONS!!! Clearly,there was no winning here and had to settle for the tomatoes. Despite having dirt cheap prices in the Hell's Kitchen area for brunch and advertising a BYOB policy, the service and professionalism at Nook is down right despicable. OK I understand, you are a tiny restaurant with less than 10 tables and would like to get people in and out as soon as possible but don't rush my party of 2 and  ask us "Are you going to sit here all day and eat or hurry it up?" It would certainly help to order if you waiter knew what "Eggs Florentine " were since he works there. Maybe that would help expedite the process in taking orders. If this place is cash only, I should be able to substitute what I want and how I want it. Or maybe it's because all of your food is cooked in bulk and comes served as pre-made overcooked mush. Whatever it may have been, Nook certainly rubbed me the wrong way. :-(	0
Came here on a Saturday for lunch with 3 of my friends. There was a wait when we got here. They told us the wait would be 15 minutes but it ended up being over an hour. Yes I understand your restaurant is small and I get that we would most likely have to wait longer than 15 minutes... but to seat other people that were behind us on the waiting list? (Especially when I see there is a table that can fit my party) Not cool.  Pretty sure this could of happened because my friend was running late since she was trying to find parking and it was just the 3 of us on line. But either way, I felt the that staff was very disorganized and rude.. There are empty tables and you are just going to let us stand outside? (Also by this time, no one was waiting on line). Even if our party had 3 people, the table that we would have gotten would have been the same as a table for 4!  Moving on.. I was hoping the food would make up for what had just happened but it didn't. Only one of my friends has been here and recommended this place from when she used to come here back in the day.  She hasn't been here for over a year and said this place has definitely went downhill from what she remembered. I ordered the Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon and I was not impressed.  I've had much better.. even in Jersey.. for much cheaper! My friend also wanted to add cheese in her scrambled eggs but the waiter said no.  At first we thought he was joking but then we realized he was being really serious and said they don't do any substitutions/can't add anything additional to the entree. My friend would have happily paid for extra cheese.  He then suggested that she order something else on the menu.  Um, how hard is it to put cheese in eggs?!  For the price we've paid, I expected much better. Also, the waiter rolled his eyes when my friend asked for milk with her tea. Seriously? Why are you so upset about making another trip? It's your job! If you do decide to come here.. just know that they don't accept credit card so make sure you bring cash. The only positive thing I have to say about this place is that it is BYOB even though I did not take advantage of that. Also, if you like to be super close next to a stranger while eating your food and literally putting your ass on their table (and I don't even have a big one) while trying to get out of your seat to go use to the bathroom.. this is the place for you!	0
Made a reservation for 2 last Friday night and when my friend and I showed up, they had no record of it. They're not on Open Table either. They could benefit from a more reliable reservation system than just pencil and paper and somebody's memory (or lack thereof). It's a shame because their food is very good.	0
This evening we called around 1030pm and asked the time they closed and they said 11pm so we said we would be right there. We arrived at 1045pm and the server said they were closed. The chef in the kitchen also said they were closed and they shut everything off and even took out the trash.  Your posted closure time is 11pm you should be open for service until that time. Closing earlier than your posted time is far from proper business etiquette and very wrong.  Very disappointed in this attempt for dinner. Find another service oriented place.	0
This really is a very small restaurant where you are sitting on top of your neighbors. We were a party of two and were quickly seated for late breakfast / brunch. That said the service was surprisingly slow and inattentive.  I had a scramble and was greatly disappointed. The eggs were wet and fairly under spiced. The Sweet potato side same issue. Salad was fine but dressing was not flavorful.  My companion had the eggs Florentine. He thought the eggs were over cooked and the dish under spiced as well.	0
I would never recommend this place to anyone. I had to recalculate how much we actually left them, but 16% is what it turned out to be. Hey, I get it, you expect 20%. And no, you did not deserve it. Food service people will always argue about tips, but at the end of the day if someone gave you something above 0, it was to show their gratitude for your service. If you think it's unfair, raise your prices to reflect the service you think you deserve to get paid for. A waiter had the nerve to ask us "was the service alright because you only left this". Yes, the service was fine. The place was cold and it we waited at least twice as long as you told us, but the food was good. But you would complain to a customer about a tip, and only a dollar would have made you feel like you were being fairly treated? Holy shit, you just made your customer feel poorly about your establishment over ONE whole dollar? There are a ton of restaurants in the area. And many that have warm cozy, not super-tight spaces with equally if not better food. Please take your business there. Nook does not deserve your business or your one extra dollar. How can you complain about a 16% tip? I don't know but they did!	0
I decided to give this place a try being my first time in NY. Horrible experience. Customer service was not impressive at all. When I was ready to order I told the man I had a question from one of the items....he quickly slapped his face and rudely asked " what's your question?" not quite the experience I wished for. Definitely not coming here again, customer service was horrible. Food was okay. Bread was extremely hard.	0
This place was a lot smaller than I imagined. It was a tight squeeze for the four of us.   The staff is very friendly and the food was not bad.  I had the potato pancakes w/ sausage.  Pancakes were very dense and sausage a bit dry... This dish needed something else to bring it together.	0
Again.. Good soups. Vomit provoking attitude. Totally stinky foreigner approach. Bad!	0
This place has the worst customer service ever. I called and the guy at the counter told me that it's 5 min wait and 5 minutes later when I walked into the store, he says it's 2 min. I waited a good 20 minutes and after I ask him if I will be the next one to be seated and he said "Nope." I asked him what happened to 2 min and he said, "I'm going to seat the people waiting outside first but just wait 2 minutes. When the guy in blue hat is done eating, you will take the table." I was furious at his ridiculous behavior and I went out to wait for a table. He then comes out and says to everyone thats waiting, "I will seat you, you and you guys too!" And then he went back in. I will never ever go to this restaurant and definitely don't recommend it to anyone.	0
So upsetting when a great place goes down hill. I raved about their brunch &amp; decided to finally come back after 2 years. What a huge let down. My eggs florentine was not good. The eggs came out cold &amp; spinach minimal atop a soggy English muffin. We ordered potato pancakes to try, total bust! We didn't even eat 1 &amp; waiter couldn't care less, didn't even ask if anything was wrong. The French toast was good but not great. Skip this hole in the wall &amp; make a reservation to Norma's.	0
It was pouring rain when we got to the restaurant today at 10:50 am, we walked in the door and were immediately greeted by an angry staff with an unwelcoming voice "we're not open til 11am.  Okay, we stepped out and waited til 11.  At 11 am sharp, a couple walked in and got kicked out of the restaurant by the same guy. He repeated him again with an attitude when the couple didn't move outside. I Just can't believe it how rude he was... we left and ate elsewhere  it doesn't matter how good the food is... Service is equally as important. I hope he isn't the host or boss because he's simply RUDE! The service deserves no star.	0
This was one of the first restaurants I ate at in NYC, and so I think I was a bit jaded in thinking it was some of the better food I had.   While the BYOB is nice, the food just isn't there for me.  Going back to revisit, I was a bit disappointed to find that in the end, it's just another restaurant.  Nothing here really knocks it out of the park or screams originality.   While nothing was wrong with the food, per se, I just won't be coming back.	0
This restaurant used to be one of my favorite places to visit in the neighborhood; great food, nice ambience,  and decent prices. However after the experience I had yesterday,  I will not be coming back here and urge you to take your business elsewhere as well.  My friend is allergic to red peppers and asked the waiter if it would be possible to substitute that ingredient for something else in the egg scramble. She was rudely told that if she read the menu, she would see no substitutions are allowed;  really,  even when a person is allergic? Additionally the gentleman didn't mention that the side of potatoes had red peppers. When my friend asked for little oil to be used they brought out eggs literally swimming in oil.  Another customer was almost reprimanded for ordering too much food when ordering a burger with bacon and some crabcakes. Is this how we deserve to be treated when we choose to have a meal in a restaurant?  To be told that we are fat or should suffer because of an allergy?  Finally,  when I found out that the waiter was the manager of the restaurant (with much shock)  and told him how his behavior was offending the customers and not great for business (especially when there are so many restaurants around the corner) he simply laughed it off and insisted that he did nothing wrong.. very classy Mr. Owner/Manager whoever you are. Do yourself a favor and go eat at one of the places where you feel the restaurant staff actually WANTS you to have a great experience and is appreciative of your business.	0
Awful!  Turn around and walk away!  First time here.  My dinner was ok (lamb); too sweet for me but my husband's fillet mignon had me jealous. Staff was non existent and when they were around not too accommodating.  ESPECIALLY WHEN A 2 inch cockroach LANDED on our table as we were paying!  Showed  the 'server' who 'tried' to catch it but threw his hands up in the air and 'couldn't find it.'  And didnt offer to pay tab!!  Sooo disgusting!  Overall, food ok but service and cleanliness had me wondering how they got the 'A' sanitation standard.	0
I have been to this joint several times and the food has been good and service mediocre but bearable. It is a small place and when the clean-shaved guy is the running the show, the crowd outside is well managed. But today after going to the place for over two years, the bearded dude tried to squeeze three people on the tiny two person table and when we pushed back, he yelled at us, telling is that we need to decide if we want to eat here since he has ppl waiting I the line! We left ofcourse for another brunch place where we didn't have to deal with an overwhelmed moron.... Seriously this dude has no business running point at a tiny restaurant and frankly the food isn't that great for this idiot to speak to patrons in such a way........it was good till it lasted.  Strongly recommend against this place specially when there are so many more cool brunch spots in Hells Kitchen........	0
The food may be good but the service is HORRENDOUS. I dined here with friends recently and we made a reservation. We showed up to find that making a reservation is useless. They had no table for us and asked if we would mind squeezing onto a two-top with the assurance that they would move us to a larger table as soon as one became available. We agreed, reluctantly. We ordered and before any of our food came out another table emptied. We asked if we were going to be able to move to that table and were told no because they had to save it for an incoming reservation. We reminded them that we were an incoming reservation as well but they said they needed to save that particular table because it was the only one they were able to fit 5 people at. We were once again assured we would be moved when another table became available (yet another lie). Between our apps and the main course another table did become available and when the server went to seat another party there we reminded him that we were still waiting to be moved (as he had promised us we would be). The waiter became belligerent with us. He said you are eating at a place called Nook - what did you expect? It's going to be crowded. We ask people to squeeze into smaller tables all the time. We reminded him that we only agreed to do so because he promised us that he would move us as soon as he could. He said he had no intention of moving us ever cause he needed all the tables he had for incoming reservations (again we reminded him we were one of those incoming reservations). Turns out he was saving the new table for when his buddies arrived for dinner (based on the big hello he gave them when we set them). While all this is going on he continued to take new reservations for tables he knew he could not seat and then the poor people would show up and be told that could not be accommodated. I understand that this is a small space with limited seating but why then take reservations at all. Just have it be first come/first served. Why also would you seat parties who were not all there? During our visit that was a 4-top that had only 2 people sitting at it not ordering anything for almost 45 minutes until the rest of their party arrived. I will never be back to Nook. There are too many other amazing places in this neighborhood to put up with such poor service and disrespect.	0
Went for dinner and their food leaned too heavily on sugar, soy sauce, garlic, and butter for flavor. Definitely not worth the $20 price.	0
Overall fair. Bread was blah. Mushroom cigars were the best dish of the night. Portabella burger was mediocre. Apple 'pie' more closely resembled an Apple Betty and the apple slices on top were flavorless. Wait time for the food was ridiculous. Over priced for what was served. There is better elsewhere. Expected far better based on the reviews.	0
Be forewarned - I came here with a party of 3 for brunch/lunch around 12:30 and we waited more than an hour in the cold to be seated without so much a word of warning from the servers that it would be so long. Getting seated as two is much, much faster. But ignoring that, let's get down to the real topic, which is the quality of the food. The three of us each got eggs florentine with smoked salmon and some pierogies to share. NEVER, EVER get the pierogies at Nook. They are absolutely terrible. They look and taste as though they boiled some pierogies out of the frozen boxes from walmart. Absolutely not worth $14 for 8. The eggs florentine were decent. The portions were well-sized and the eggs were well cooked. However, the eggs florentine just didn't stand out for me compared to other brunch places. Nook definitely has some decent food but it certainly wasn't worth the wait.	0
Usually I love this place. My parents ask to come here every time they are in NYC. However be careful of their hours. Yelp and google list that it opens at 11am M-Sun and sadly it doesn't. We arrived Mon morning at 11:30 to a man waving us away. We are still unclear if it was going to even be open on Monday. Nook if you read this, please take the time to update your hours on the necessary web pages as to not disappoint your patrons. Cheers	0
This is a stressfully tiny place. If you're hoping for a relaxing brunch, don't go here. You will be sitting uncomfortably close to strangers. They literally have to MOVE TABLES to let you in and out of your seat, so I hope you don't have to go to the bathroom. If you DO have to go to the bathroom, you'll be walking through their tiny kitchen into their tiny restroom where MY knees touched the wall when sitting on the toilet. So if you're taller than 5'5, I don't know how you'll fit.  The food was incredibly overpriced and didn't even taste good. I ordered french toast. French toast is easy. Even I can make french toast. It tasted horrible though. For 9 dollars, I got a teeny tiny portion of bad french toast with a dollop of Cool Whip on the side. $2.50 for barely warm coffee, and I had to keep asking for refills.  Basically this place is way too cramped for an enjoyable experience. The prices are ridiculous and the food isn't very good. It's also cash only and they refused to split our check. I won't be coming here again.	0
If I could give this place zero stars I would.  Please note that this is not my first time at this restaurant. To be fair, the food here is amazing and I would have probably given it a four-star rating, but I am never going to come back to this place again. I really do not care who the European man was, owner or not, your job is to provide service and yelling at your customers because we were asking for the wait time is not right. Very soon also does not equal a 40-minute wait. Please get a watch and learn how to read time. I do not care how good the food is, but this was completely unacceptable behavior and ruined the entire mood for our party.	0
This place literally seats 10 people at most. The staff has no sense of customer service. And no...the food won't make up for it.  Do yourself a favor, walk two blocks down to Riposo!	0
Who is that rude lady in the front taking orders, rolling her eyes, being very condescending? Are you the owner? If yes, you should know better! If you aren't, then you need therapy. Cuz really lady you put a damper on our meal as soon as you came to the table. Blah!  Your explanation of potato pancakes was clear and very condescending (I asked my friends if I was reading you wrong but they agreed with me...and now I see from the other yelpers that this is a trend).  What appeared on my plate looked a hot mess. The only thing that was fresh was the salmon maybe??? Or maybe that was the lesser of the many evils. The potato patty was grey!!! Those patties were not fresh! Were they thawed from the freezer? Yuk! The batter could also be fresher. It looked like it was fried before and then refried/microwaved just before putting the salmon and capers on top. That's a disgrace. In NYC that is not acceptable. How hard is it to get fresh potatoes and fresh batter and fry it to order???? Really? How do you stay in business with such bad food and bad service? Maybe we all think 'oh it a cute nook lets give it a try'.  People, the nook may look cute and intimate but it's def not worth your money.	0
Tight space. I feel intruding into other people space while brunching. I got egg Benedict. The egg was pouched well. But the hollandaise sauce was poorly done. Very watery and no taste to it. It could be better.	0
Reassessment of the Nook!  Great scramble with good price. However...  I ventured out to the $12.50 Egg Benedict with smoked salmon has a questionable dijon (?) sauce and 4 of the SMALLEST 4 SLICES of LOX you could put on.   And CASH ONLY in the smallest cursive font on the bottom of the menu.  Guys really?  Put up a sign and go to Costco and buy the $20 salmon pack and show the love on the benedict?	0
So I call to make a reservation and was pleasantly surprised to find availability. We get there at 7:30 after paying for a cab ride, sit down and wait at least 15 mins for someone to take a drink order. At some point during the order process one of our party of 6 decides to ask what credit cards the restaurant accepts at which point the waiter informs us that they are cash only!!!!!! Did it ever occur to these folks that some people don't carry cash? Wouldn't it have been a great idea to tell me that when I made the reservation or post it on the front door or SOMETHING???? Thank goodness we asked and found out before we ordered and could leave since we didn't have enough cash to pay for the meal! An hour and lots of walking later we finally sat down for dinner.....at a place that accepts credit cards! What an inconvenience!	0
I was let down by the reviews. 4 of us went.  The service was rushed and the waiter/owner? Didn't seem personable at all. Always rushes. The mushroom roll appetizers were quite good. That's where it ends. The mains were lacklustre. The chicken souvlaki is one skewer with some cheap plain fries and a touch of some salad.  We all agreed the chicken was over cooked and dried out.  The Tuscan chicken was decent, although there was generic mashed potatoes and salad that also came with the salmon.  The salmon was a tiny 4oz filet, plainly prepared. I'd strongly recommend you try somewhere else unless the free corkage is a game changer for you.	0
Seriously, I'm stunned. How has this restaurant garnered so many positive reviews. Are people that drawn to the option of zero corkage fees? For my part, Nook was just awful from start to finish. First, the place is small, hot, dirty and staffed by one server/host who just can't seem to keep up (and the restaurant was half full). Second, the bathroom is actually through the kitchen. Perhaps it's not that big of a deal, but there's only one bathroom for men and women, and unfortunately, no where to wait if it's in use. It depressing, really, because it leaves one forced to watch the disorganized kitchen staff muddle around in greasy environs. Alas, the worst is yet to come: the food. I was en route to leave the restaurant a 'meh' rating after very average appetizers when I was served the entree: duck. It's worth stating that duck is my favorite dish and Nook somehow manage to mangle it.  The food was dry, rubbery, and tasteless. I wondered if it was just my dish, but two others at the table ordered the same entree and theirs appeared equally mediocre. I think that people must be raving about this place for brunch because dinner was catastrophic. Next time, I'll gladly pay corkage NOT to eat at Nook. PS - Don't get me started on dessert.	0
Really Nook, after 3 great times, you let me down when I came with 4 friends. 45 min wait and the host kept saying "5 more minutes!". We left after 50 min to hit Thai Noodle.	0
I am a frequent Yelp user to find restaurants in cities I visit.  I visited Nook last night based off the great reviews it has and was awfully dissappointed.  I ordered the thai marinated rack of lamb, medium rare which is seared on the outside, pink just inside, and red in the middle.  I never, ever send anything back in restaurants for myriads of reasons, but this lamb was so well done that it was gray throughout.  I spoke to the waiter and he agreed to have the chef make another dish.  The next dish came out rare looking like sashimi.  Seared Ahi Tuna is cooked more than the lamb that was put in front of me, and they proceeded to charge me full price after 2 mishaps.   It was unfortunate as the restaurant itself has a good vibe and atmosphere, and it is a BYOB.  If you choose to go, choose a different dish than I did.	0
The reason we went to Nook was to enjoy some BYOB - which, coincidentally, is the only reason to go to Nook.  The place is tiny but at 6pm on a Thursday we had no trouble getting a table. I ordered the peppered steak tuna salad and it was very disappointing. I felt like they rolled the tuna in pepper, sliced up some avocado and called it a day. For 17$ I expected more. My friend wanted to get an appetizer since she wasn't hungry but their BYOB policy is that each party must spend $15 - so she had to order a main dish. I would not go back. Next time we want some BYOB in Midtown we'll take a picnic in Bryant Park.	0
What is this, the late 80s?  Is NYC so lacking in delicious, reasonably price restaurants that THIS place gets an inordinate amount of stars?  Nook is clearly cruising on NYC stupid-inertia, which keeps this place packed and well-rated.  But if you take your sucker goggles off, you'll notice the prices are ridiculous and the food is of poor quality.  In particular, the tuna tartare is cat food, the crab cake was hard and dry, the "goulash" was just noodles with Prego sauce and few chunks of less-than-prime beef.  It's also not comfortable.  That's different than cozy. It's uncomfortable. Go Elsewhere.	0
I have a pretty good tolerance/patience for service, especially if I know they're busy and understaffed... but this was BY FAR the worst service I have ever experienced.  Case in point: it took us 15 minutes to get someone to even think about coming to get our order AND another 15 minutes to get them to pour us the coffee we ordered.  Coffee. Not lattes... not fraps... not capps... plain. black. coffee. I mean, once I get caffeine and some bread in my system, you know that I'll be a happy clam after that.  The place is tiny - think a closet - with about 20 people inside.  But whatever, it's NY, you get over it.  ONE server for all the tables. Again, understandable. The place is a closet. But waiting 15 minutes to order and another 15 for coffee? Nope, sorry, don't get it.  On the flip side, the food (entrees) were really good... fresh, large portions, exactly what you'd want from brunch.  But with the service, I'm pretty sure I won't be returning again.	0
Horrible horrible host at the restaurant... I went in to put my name down. He asked me to wait outside in the line, which I am totally fine with. While I was waiting... Another two ppl came and walked in, they got that table right away. The manager didn't even bother to check the ppl outside... I mean what the F is that???? It is cold outside! Think the food was only Decent, but wouldn't give more than 3 stars. The best was the Apple Pancake!!	0
I'm sure the food is great but I didn't get a chance to try it. I went in on a Sunday and was immediately refused in an exceptionally rude manner because there was a private party. Maybe next time instead of yelling at potential customers for coming in they should put a sign outside that says "private party".	0
Walked in today for brunch, and caught the hostess's eye. I politely said "two please" and she snapped back, "Yeah. I'll be outside in a sec" while she rolled her eyes. Sorry I didn't know that we weren't allowed in the restaurant until you found time in your schedule to come out to the sidewalk to greet us.  We left and went somewhere else where the hostess wasn't on the towel.	0
I was surprised by all the positive reviews Nook got. It's an interesting and yes, tiny, place but the food just wasn't good. Pros: On a Sunday at 3pm, my boyfriend and I did not have to wait longer than a few minutes for a table (but it was just the two of us). Service was fast. Waitress (or owner?) was very friendly and smiley, especially by NYC standards. Although the hash browns were really mashed potatoes, they were tasty. Cons: Ordered the eggs benedict, and it was extremely bland. Egg, hollandaise, ham, and English muffin--all of these flavorful ingredients completely without flavor. It was odd. I won't return. Many better places for brunch in NYC.	0
I was in NYC from Boston and at 8 O'clock went onto YELP and found NOOK, looked good so I called and made a reservation  for  two people at 8:45. We arrived at 8:45, young hostess and what appeared to be the manager, told us it would be at least another 10 minutes. 10 minutes  went by and this cranky 47 year old couldn't stand out in the cold sidewalk any longer. There was a young crowd and it is a very small restaurant but they have no concept of how to manage the kitchen and the reservations. We were clearly not going to be seated for quite some time. Have no idea how the food is but operationally there are a mess. Don't make a reservation and expect it to be honored.	0
I will forgive you for not serving mimosas for brunch, but not having soy AND skim milk is just shameful.  You cannot claim to have a good coffee menu if you only have one milk option. I'm not trying to be a health freak (let's face it we are in manhattan though)-- people can't drink full whole milk for health reasons.	0
Dinner Review Don't bother SO many better places on 9th for dinner..  Diner burger, bistro price. Meat was overly fatty and overcooked. Fries were fine, but nothing special.  Beet salad was nothing exciting and had very small pieces of goat cheese.  Service was non-existent. Waiter took our order, gave our food, and spent the rest of the time on his laptop. We had to go to him to get our check to leave.  No credit card. BYOB, HOWEVER, if you BYOB, you must spend $15 per person.  Will never be back. Not a 4 star Yelp place for sure.	0
So we were waiting outside in the cold for 30 mins and were next to be seated. Instead of seating the two of us, they decide to sit three people behind us, who had just arrived moments ago. Big NOPE. I liked this place until today, and I will never return because they rather sit a table for a bigger check. Too bad Nook, next time keep your customers happy.	0
After reading all of the excellent reviews for this place I made a reservation for dinner for my boyfriend and I on Friday night. Our reservations were for 9:00 and when we arrived on time we were told he would have a table for us shortly, within 15 minutes. Instead of hovering over the diners enjoying their meal we left our phone number and decided to circle the block until our table was ready. After 20 minutes without a call we returned to the restaurant to find two parties of 4 waiting outside to also be seated. Now there were 10 people waiting to enter this small restaurant and after another 20 minutes of waiting outside we discovered that the two parties had 8:30 reservations and that inevitably we would be waiting quite a while until they were sat before us. The two parties were seated around 9:45 (1 hour and 15 minutes after their reservations) At 10:05 we saw a table leave the restaurant and we entered thinking that it would finally be our turn to be seated. NOPE! The owner gave our table away to a gentlemen waiting no where near as long as us. He said he would have another table for us shortly to which we replied that was what we were told over an hour ago and exited the restaurant to take our business elsewhere.  Oh and let me also mention that another couple entered the restaurant without reservations and were charged at by the manger with he finger wagging 'No way, not tonight".  They knowingly overbook this restaurant and pay no mind to leaving you waiting in the cold for hours.  RUDE, ABYSMAL SERVICE!	0
Easy/decent-ish spot. Main perk = BYO. I heard good things from multiple people about Nook. The food did not blow me away though. My chicken was good, but it wasnt original or overly tasty. The cheese plate we got as an appetizer was good, but not presented in an appealing fashion. The meal wasn't better than what i could have done at home.  The atmosphere is cosy and the service is friendly. The prices are very reasonable as well.   Loved that it was byo though.  There are so many other great places nearby - I doubt i'll return.	0
I dined here more than 1 year ago and had a great experience. I was so satisfied that I suggested this location to my gf for her birthday celebration this past Saturday. She contacted Konrad (I believe the owner) about 10 days before her date and made a reservation with him for a party of 8-10. She wasn't sure of the exact number so he told her she had time until 2 days before the dinner date to let him know. No problem. She called back 2-3 more times during the week to agree on the price fix menu and then called back 3 days before the dinner date to confirm the final number of the group (#9 people). On her last call, somebody else answers the phone and tells her that not only she's not on the reservation book, but also that the restaurant is fully booked for the night. She obviously freaks out and ask to talk to Konrad to get this straight. There was surely a misunderstanding since he had been communicating with her for the past 10 days. Unfortunately, she's told by the employee that Konrad is in Poland and is not available to talk. Bottom line: my gf had to find a last minute restaurant for her <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fb.day&amp;s=3f4661b1b92308fe36beee4be32398953e580a7e697b63dd1f02bd5c08d96248" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">b.day</a> celebration, which we all know it's not that easy in this city on a Saturday evening. Konrad's behavior was very unprofessional. It's a real pity that such a good restaurant is so poorly managed. Really? You take the reservation for 8-10 people, completely forget (on purpose or not) to put it on the book, and then disappear in freaking Poland completely careless? No bueno, Konrad. We wish you good luck for your business (even though it doesn't look like you need any, if you can afford to treat your potential customers like this), but we won't recommend you anymore to anybody else. Shame on you.	0
Really wanted to like this place.   Came in for lunch.  Asked the server/chef/owner? "whats good here" he directs me to my seat.  I thought perhaps he didnt understand me so I asked again.  "Everything" he says.  Sensing an attitude I order the burger.  "Medium?" he asks, "Yes",  Comes out Well Done, no pink in sight, texture of a hockey puck.  So I guess not "everything", eh chef?	0
This place is really cute unless it's cold outside. He had the door locked so we couldn't get in, then came running out. He sat us right in the window which was awesome until we realized the front door protecting us from the 30F degree winds didn't shut all the way when opened, so my boyfriend had to turn around and close the door over twenty times (not an exaggeration). The owner saw it and didn't seem to mind that his customers kept doing this. The food was fine - nothing memorable, nothing I wouldn't have again. I asked the owner (who was our server) for a recommendation and he recommended the most expensive thing on the menu. Fine, we ordered it. Meh. Then at dessert, the owner left the restaurant for over 25 minutes. We sat for almost that entire time waiting for our check. I was tempted to leave cash on the table and walk out. Ultimately, my conscious got the best of me and we waited. It's BYOB and the food is fine - I'd come back again on a warmer day.	0
***Review not of food***Just Disgusting Service*** I'm brand new to NY and my perception of appropriate and acceptable service could be skewed because I'm a soft-skinned Californian - but I digress, last night was probably the worst service I have ever had in my dining-out life. Actually, I didn't even get to the food part, that's how horrible it was. I had reservations at 8 (per yelp recommendations) and we arrived around 7:30 so I decided to pop in and let the host/waiter/manager/unknown restaurant employee know that we were there early if they had space for us, otherwise we'd wait. Well, I didn't even get to propose the idea; as soon as I walked into the teeny space the  host/waiter/manager/unknown restaurant employee just looked at me and started shaking his head in the left to right 'no' motion - seriously. He shook his head at me like I was a 2 year old waddling into a china store. W. T. F. In what kind of industry is it deemed acceptable behavior to shake your head at someone? I'm a human, use your words. Obviously we walked down the street and ate somewhere else - because that's what you do in any city with lots of food options, you say F U back. Thanks host/waiter/manager/unknown restaurant employee for making my dinner wait nonexistent.	0
We stopped in Nook for lunch earlier this week with a couple of friends.  No problem getting a table on a weekday, but (as previous posts mentioned) it is small in there.  My friends had really enjoyed breakfast/brunch at this spot before, but I found lunch to be.. lunch. We all ordered soup and sandwiches.  The mushroom soup of the day was decent, but I thought the sandwiches were pretty skimpy.  My chicken and avocado sandwich had maybe 1/3 of a chicken breast that had been thinly sliced and about 1/4 of an avocado- all on a piece of thick crusty bread.  It tasted ok, but seemed really stingy and could have used a lot more volume.  The rosemary fries were good. Drinks were odd.  Each table was given a large bottle of water to serve ourselves.  There was no ice and the water was room temperature.  We ordered sodas and were presented with a glass and whatever was left of a can- still no ice.  $3 for a can of soda, but we had to drink it warm... very European. Service was slow and gruff.  CASH ONLY.  So Nook was a disappointment.  I'll try somewhere else next time!	0
-The food is good but nothing to write home about but got the job done. Shrimp and lamb were both overcooked. -Fairly reasonable prices -Ambiance is lacking. I know this is New York but there was probably 4" between the tables (I'm not exaggerating).  -I'	0
Very disappointed. I went this restaurant because the positive reviews on Yelp. The service was very bad. Even no orange juice at this restaurant. I ordered salmon sandwich and soup. They were just OK.	0
I'm so torn about this place, because while the food is really good, my friend and I had a really bad experience with a rude-as-McEnroe waiter during dinner a few weeks back.  We get there at about 5:30 for an early dinner, and we're the only people in the restaurant. My friend brings a half bottle of wine from home because it's BYOB. She orders an 8 dollar salad, I order 15 dollar chicken kebabs. The waiter snaps "You know you need to spend 15 dollars a person to drink your wine." We were kind of shocked. Nowhere on the menu did it mention that. We're the only people there, for goodness sake we only have half a bottle of wine, just let us drink it. We don't listen to him and just keep drinking it. He left us alone after that, but we couldn't believe how rude he was.  The food got to our table pretty quickly, and it was delicious. We were venting as we savored the perfect yogurt sauce on my place (she kept dipping bread into it) about how we wanted to hate this place because of the rude waiter, but the food was too good for us to hate it.  So, I guess make sure to spend at least fifteen dollars a person if you want to split half a bottle of wine over dinner, and enjoy the food.	0
went there for brunch because of the yelp reviews. Horrible experience!!!They dont take reservations , then when we get there we wait for an hour, and they give us the worst seat next to door which opens and get the cold air in and hits me on the shoulder all the time.Brunch menu is nothing great. Bread was cold and hard. All this to order an eggs Benedict which you can get anywhere else in the city and much better too. Will NEVER go back again!	0
Standard brunch food in a sub-standard space.  Tight-fit takes on a whole new meaning here.  Tables are moved so you can get to the bench, then you are wedged in, trapped 12" from two other parties all trying to have a conversation.  The space becomes very loud quickly.  The Rosemary French fries had an interesting flavor but were limp and lackluster.  The French Toast also lacked the outside crispiness I like in a well-cooked french toast.  The French Toast itself had no flavor, and the strawberry compote, although good, wasn't up to the task of saving this dish.  You fought the good fight Strawberry Compote, I applaud your efforts.	0
I have never been more moved to write a review than I am for this place. While the food was decent, I was appalled by the service I experienced here with my friend and will make sure never to return here. My salad was fine and it came according to my request. The complimentary bread was fine as well. But the service from the moment we sat down was abysmal. Our server (presumably the owner or manager as well - even more atrocious that he takes such little pride in serving his customers) without a fleck of irony accused my friend of asking too many questions regarding the menu. She is not picky but was wondering about dairy in some of the items. He laughed in her face when she asked if they carry any dairy alternatives. He seemed annoyed that anyone could want any menu item even slightly altered to fit a dietary need. His overall manner was snobbish and rude throughout our whole time there, but the icing on the cake was the delivery of the check, when I placed down my card and he literally WAGGED HIS FINGER at me as he walked away and barked "cash only" over his shoulder. I don't mind paying cash only, but when I'm treated like an idiot, his "cash only" infuriated me even further. Finally, when I went to give him the cash, I said "from the moment we walked in here, our service has been atrocious", and he countered with "well, I hope to never see you here again". I said "you can count on neither me nor any of my friends ever coming here again". He hollered something bitter at us on our way out, in front of his other customers. Did not ONCE even try to rectify the situation. Both my friend and I have worked in the restaurant industry and have never seen such appalling service. What a disappointment from a place I really wanted to like since I heard the food was good. The best food in the world wouldn't make me go back.  I forgot to mention. The restaurant was empty (save for 2 people) when we arrived, in a place that seats about 20. It was a freezing cold day, and a woman arrived earlier than the rest of the party she was meeting, and this same server made her wait outside in the cold, not even inside the almost empty restaurant. My friend and I just stared with our jaws dropped. She asked if she could even just stand inside the door because it was so cold and he treated her like she was a total idiot. Learn some gentlemanly manners, my friend.	0
Better have a reservation when you come. And make sure your party is all assembled before you even think to step into this restaurant. I didn't have a reservation, but it was empty when I went in. There was no one in the front, not that they'd need someone since the place is at most 10x20.  I was meeting a good friend of mine that I haven't had time to catch up with in about a month. I was early, 5:20pm. The place was empty. I asked the guys in the kitchen if I could just sit anywhere and they said sure. A few minutes after I sat down I was given a bottled of water. Another few minutes of people watching and waiting for my friend a couple came in, immediately followed by this blonde, middle age guy. That guy was either the manager or the owner. Very loud and started talking to the couple, asked them if they had a reservation and how many are in their party. 4 they said, the other two was running late.  Blonde guy turns to me and says "And you, what's your story? Is it just you or are you waiting for someone? Do you have reservations?" Well I didn't have reservations, but with how small the place is, it's ridiculous to need reservations, turnover is easily within a reasonable amount of time. What are they so scared of not having any walk ins? Anyways, I politely answered "No reservations, and my friend should be here in a few." The date was set for 5:30pm.  3 minutes after 5:30pm a trio of girls came in and before the blonde guy even bother to greet them he pokes (POKES!) me on my shoulder and says "You should move here" indicating a seat over. I had enough of his attitude.	0
The staff is sooooooooooo rude!!! After telling me that there is a 15 min wait, the server asks me to get out of his way and wait outside.I walk out and I realize that he just LOCKED the door behind me. When I try to get back in, the couple sitting by the door unlocks the door for me. I am baffled when I see the server run over to the door and lock it back while staring at my face. Then he carries on by yelling at the couple for unlocking the door. Minutes later he brings the wrong order to the girl sitting next to me. He then fights with the cook claiming it was not gia foult and as he is getting physical, we cant help but lapigh because you can see and hear everything that goes on in the kitchen in the shoe box of a restaurant. When he gets to my table, he slams the water bottle where he seated me, the list bizzare incidences go on and on and on. Was it all worth the sashimi peppered salad I've ordered? Absolutely not... If you enjoy being treated like dirt, make sure to check out Nook, you will not be disappointed!	0
I walked in excited to try to the Goulash and was told he was fully booked with two empty tables. Horrible way to treat a customer just because he didn't want to seat one person.	0
Wasn't very impressed with the place. The server/manager/owner was very kind to us but the food.. meh. I liked the Artisian Ham Sandwich that I ordered, but there was a little too much cheese on it. I liked the sweetness of the apple crisps though. Also, when I think 'brunch', I imagine breakfast being on the menu. If you're craving breakfast, go elsewhere. I was craving just that but I settled with lunch. The yelp is misleading.	0
Tiny... OK food. Rude service on the day - but will re-visit to make my final judgement. Had poached eggs (florentine). Can't do a soy cap - which is really funny these days and waiter ignored us for ages to order and to get the bill. Can't hang everything on one person so will try again and revise score if needed. Place is very small - kinda annoying. You basically sit next to EVERYONE.	0
I come here ALL the time and I LOVE this place. I usually deal with the owners horrid behavior because the food is that good, UNTIL last night. I called two weeks ago and made a reservation for 4 at 7:30 pm. When my sister wasn't able to join I called back and changed it to 3 at 7:30pm. Apparently the owner put us in the book at 7pm even though I had spoke to him twice, and my family would not have even arrived in the city to make a 7pm reservation. Then when I came in he was rude, told me "he didn't make mistakes", and wouldn't seat us at his four top. I can't even count the number of times I have eaten here because I come that often!!! I probably will go back, but my suggestion is call every single day to confirm your reservation and speak slowly like you are explaining something to a child. OR go on Saturdays when Ramon is working!! He is the best : )	0
My friends at Columbia always rave about this place, saying that its SOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDD, and me, being the ramen connoisseur that I am, put this on my list of places to try. This past Saturday (101814), I finally got my chance to go to Jin Ramen in order to cure my chicken and beer hangover from the previous night. My friends and I walked over to Jin Ramen after checking to make sure they were open for lunch. It seemed to be pretty crowded but when we walked in, we were able to be seated almost immediately. We were seated right near the door, which I had no problems with, but it was a little awkward to sit three people with giant student backpacks here. But whatever, I was finally here! Time to see what the hype was about. One of my friends recently became crazy about pork buns, so we started off by ordering the pork buns, which apparently, are a new thing here (??). When they came, they looked pretty delicious. Now, I am not a pork bun aficionado like my friend, but I could tell that their pork buns weren't going to be as great as pork buns that I've eaten at other places. For one thing, my pork bun fell apart and stuck to the plate when I tried to pick it up. My pork bun also had iceberg lettuce in it - like a giant leaf. All the other pork buns I've had never had a giant leaf of iceberg lettuce chilling between the bun and the meat. I mean, I guess it was a nice juxtaposition in taste and texture, but I just don't think that iceberg lettuce chunks really belong in pork buns. Just sayin'. Shortly after we finished eating our pork buns, our ramen arrived. I ordered the spicy tonkatsu ramen, as I heard it was one of Jin Ramen's most popular dishes. What I liked about the ramen was that it came with a giant wooden spoon that wouldn't fall into the bowl, which is perfect for clumsy, messy eaters such as myself. The broth wasn't super spicy, but it had a nice kick to it, which I enjoyed. However, that was basically all I liked about this ramen. The noodles themselves, were very weak and tasteless - they kind of tasted like whole wheat versions of instant noodles. If you ate the noodles and toppings separately from the broth, it would be a pretty tasteless meal. Not exactly what I was expecting to cure my hangover. One weird thing that happened to my friend's ramen (she also ordered the spicy tonkatsu ramen) was that there was some film that formed on the surface of her bowl after she was done eating ... she moved it with her spoon/ladle and it didn't break ??? What the fuck is that ?? Needless to say, I'm fairly disappointed with Jin Ramen. I tried really hard to like Jin Ramen, but I don't think I can give it a great review.	0
I came here on a lunch break with my co workers and this was maybe the second time I've eaten ramen. Embarrassingly enough I was the only one that had to eat it with a fork after failing miserably with the chopsticks. I ordered the Shio ramen and it was ok. I guess I'm just not a fan of ramen. I wouldn't come back.	0
I thought ramen was a hard thing to mess up, but man, was I wrong. Jin ramen has a lot of potential, but really did not wow me with its $15 bowls of ramen. I liked the fact that the toppings were all already included (chasu, bamboo, seaweed, soft boiled egg), because most ramen places charge an arm and a leg for these individual add-ons, but the noodles tasted cheap as if pre-packaged and purchased from the refrigerated aisle of an asian grocery store. The broth in the spicy tonkotus was pretty flavorful and so was the green curry, but out of the plethora of ramen joints I've tried (10+, #ramenislife), I was very unimpressed, and maybe even a bit disturbed.  The pork buns were good, and the chasu was moist, but the ramen was a let down. Good try Jin, but not quite good enough.	0
Jin used to be my favorite ramen spot, however something has changed. The broth of the Ramen has become way too greasy and I always leave feeling congested. I thought that maybe I caught the restaurant on a bad day so I made two more visits and the broth continues to be greasy. As a confirmation, I overheard two other guests vocalize my same feelings to their waiter.  Jin, we had some good times, but I'm moving on.	0
I don't generally like to give negative reviews, but as my dining partner said whilst filling out the survey that came with the check, "They need to know."  We went to Jin on a Tuesday night and the place was poppin'! The actual location is rather small so we were lucky to get a table for two after only a 15-minute wait.  We ordered the pork buns to share and felt that they were just average. The pork was a little dry, and the iceberg lettuce on top didn't seem to really be seasoned with anything, leaving the bun as a whole rather bland and us rather underwhelmed. We both ordered the spicy tonkotsu ramen, but I asked for the mayu (spicy soybean and roasted garlic paste) and rayu (spicy sesame oil) sauces on the side so that I could add the spice to taste. I personally judge a ramen more by the broth than by the noodles, and my friend and I both felt that the broth was uncomfortably greasy, and I had only put about a third of the accompanying oil into my bowl. Two-thirds of the way through our bowls, we decided not to force it any longer, so we put down our chopsticks and just chatted. About 15 minutes later, I looked down to find that a solid layer of oil had formed on top of the broth in my bowl. It was firm enough that I could actually pick it up with my chopsticks. We left sad and with a bad taste (and layer of residual grease) in our mouths. The temptation was to think, "Well, what did you expect? Noone goes up to Harlem for ramen!" but I rebuke that because the bar shouldn't have to be lower just because Jin is north of some line in Manhattan. Maybe we just had a poor experience. I certainly hope that's the case!	0
When they first opened, I felt that Jin Ramen surprisingly could compete with some of the top Ramen shops in the city. (Especially north of 60th street.)  I enjoyed, in particular, the Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen, Nankotsu Kara-age (fried chicken with cartilage), and Pork Gua Bao (Pork Bun sliders). My past two visits have show a marked drop in quality, with the dishes inconsistently assembled and heated. (Cold fried chicken and sloppily assembled pork buns.) It was very disappointing, as I really did enjoy eating there. Please also note, that they recently lost their Health Inspection "A" grade, and have a "Grade Pending", which means they failed an inspection and are awaiting re-inspection. I wonder if the owners expansion into the Donbori (rice bowl) shop next door and their opening of other restaurants in the neighborhood, has made it too difficult to keep enough staff trained, and caused them to lose focus?  In any case, I miss the old Jin Ramen, so I will try them again, and update my review if things improve. (Based on prior visits, Jin Ramen is capable of being a strong four star restaurant.)	0
Hmm.. I'm not really impressed by this place. Paid $16 (including tax &amp; tip) for a bowl of ramen during lunch that frankly didn't leave me very full. Decor is nice, A/C was a bit too chilly, and the waitstaff was sort of apathetic.  I got the Hiyashi Chuka and it was just okay. The sauce was a bit too salty for my liking, portion was less for the price, and there just wasn't much to the ramen except for the char siu pork and some vegetables. I could barely taste the mustard and kelp flavor coming from the broth/sauce, as described from the menu. I will give them that the ramen is al dente and that I like the consistency of the egg yolk and the pork, but I guess for me it doesn't really justify the price. Also, the waiters basically treated this place like a fast food joint, yet I still had to tip. I had to make contact with them for ordering and getting the check because they were just talking to each other. Bringing out the food and water, they didn't say anything and just plopped it in front of me. Also, when leaving, two of the waiters that had their conversation right in front of me (which was also annoying) didn't say any words of goodbye. I usually love ramen, but this experience sort of left me conflicted as this is the closest ramen joint to me.	0
Terrible Shio Ramen. Strange ponzu/ citrusy flavor is so jarring. Soup is like water with additives. Chashu is the only edible thing. My friend ordered Tonkotsu, which is way better than mine but just meets the average in terms of Japanese cuisine.	0
I'm going to preface this by saying this is a review for their service, not the actual ramen.  I've been to Jin several times. I've brought friends here time and time again. Most recently was this past June (it's taken me a while to bring myself to write this, I know). I came here on a cold, rainy summer day, I brought two friends who hadn't ever been to Jin before. We all met at Jin after work, and we were starving. It was busy as usual, so we had to wait a couple of minutes to be seated, but no big deal.  When were actually seated, the host/waiter put us in the seats right by the door. Since that area was swelling with people waiting for seats/take out and the air coming in was cold, we asked to be moved to three open seats a little further in. The waiter refused and said that they had to keep those open in case a group of four people wanted to sit there. We resigned to keeping our seats by the door since we had no other options, only to watch the waiter seat another group of three in the exact seats that we had asked for. We ordered our food, and started talking/waiting for our food to arrive.  We waited for 30 minutes when the group next to us, who ordered after us, got their food before we did. We gave the waiter the benefit of the doubt and waited a little longer. After some time, (the group next to us was well into their food) we tried to flag down the waiter, which in itself was difficult to do, and asked where our food was, only to find that the waiter had never put the order in. The waiter blamed it on a glitch in the system, but I'm going to call bullshit and say that people mess up more than computers do - Don't blame the computer, take the responsibility and apologize.  We waited another half hour. By this point the group next to us already had their check and was ready to leave, and we finally got our food. By then we were just hangry as hell. We couldn't enjoy our food because we were treated so badly. I just want to get out of this restaurant that I've been in for far too long. What bothered me the most was that despite making us wait and recognizing that they made a mistake, they did nothing to make it better. They didn't offer us a dessert, a meal, a discount, a sincere apology... nothing.  This experience ruined Jin Ramen for me, and I can safely say that I will never go back there. I will never bring my friends here or recommend it to others.  Step it up, Jin.	0
I read somewhere on the Internet that their pork broth was cooked for 6hr and I'm skeptical about this. I have tried those Japanese instant pork broth before and they taste exactly the same. Don't get me wrong. The pork broth is tasty. Just that its not what I have expected.  Since you named yourself Jin Ramen, I would expect a lot from your ramen and not other items on your menu.  And also, it seems like the owner or chef isn't Japanese. I trust Japanese more for Japanese food.  I don't quite like their noodles. It has a strong taste which I do not know how to describe.  The only good thing about this shop was their service.  It's good for people who stay around that area and have cravings for ramen.	0
I live in harlem so i was excited to see that i didnt have to go too far to get ramen!!! However when i got there, there was a wait which was fine because there is a covered outdoor area where you can wait semi cold instead of freezing.  When we got seated the waiter was very friendly and efficient considering that the place was busting at its seams. He even joked around :) We ordered steamed pork buns and the spicy tonkatsu ramen. The ramen came out pretty quickly but no signs of pork buns... we asked the waiter and he ordered it again (we sat at the bar so we were watching all of the action at the kitchen) a set of pork buns came out but it went to another table. So we ordered again and he put it in again. However we finished our ramen and no buns. At this point our waiter apologized and asked if we wanted it to go and it would be on the house but who wants cold buns so we asked to just have it.  now for the review of the food, it was very mediocre. I am no food expert but i love it and ive been to ippudo 1 and 2, totto ramen, and a dozen over manhattan and brooklyn. I really liked the noodles, theyre cooked perectly soft and chewy not overcooked. But my biggest biggest concern was the amount of oil. I am not a type of person to blot even pizza but it was scary!!! It wasnt just around the rim as usual it was a whole layer across the whole bowl.  We didnt want to be rude and make a scene so we just scouped it out into a separate bowl halfway trhough our meal and it still was so much.... by then end of the meal it hardened which grossed me out a lot.. :( As for the pork buns they were okay.. i feel like the pork they use for ramen and buns were in general a little tough and had a pork smell to them (i know of course it should smell like pork but you get it if you know about meat) and the sauce was a spicy mayo that wasnt spicy and just very creamy, which i didnt like. In conclusion, if you are desperate and live in harlem head over and dont order the spicy oily tonkatsu ramen and pass on the pork buns. But if u live anywhere else there are better options ;) but shout to the waitstaff!!!! They were nice fun and great at their job~ Cheers!	0
I was a big fan of Jin Ramen ever since they opened, but since every Columbia student and transplant in a 7 block radius has now found it -its become too busy. Service is down and now I just found out they are now no longer delivering to my area. I used to love it, but now I have found a bunch of other places to get ramen. I doubt they will miss my business.	0
Not ramen if you're a ramen lover. Maybe there was a change of owner or chef, maybe they just needed to cut costs. Either way, only disappointment awaits if you're looking for a worthwhile ramen experience.  $1.25 extra for sesame oil (as a topping)?? $1.25 extra for a little mayo to go with your dry karaage?? And flat, tasteless lo mein noodles?? Fail.	0
I was all hopeful to get a good bowl of ramen but sadly was disappointed. Ordered the fried chicken cartilage for starter. It came out more like fried chicken nuggets and was too salty. Tonkatsu ramen soup was good but the ramen was like undercooked. ;-(	0
Color me unimpressed!  I think I knew it when the hostess asked us to wait outside. I don't know what they are going to do when the weather gets colder?! Maybe you wouldn't have to wait then. I think it is just opening buzz for now.  It is a crowded and very noisy ambience we couldn't carry a conversation even though we sat next to each other at the bar.  To cut to the chase, the pork bun was kinda terrible. The meat was tough and flavorless. The boneless fried chicken was ok but I have had better.  More importantly, the spicy tonkotsu ramen was sub par at best. It was a salty mess with weird ramen noodles!  I went to a school near by, and there was nothing around back then. I guess it is a nice addition to the area and appealing to the students, but you wouldn't want to go here if you have tasted authentic Japanese ramen. I personally would spend a couple more dollars for better one.	0
The noodles aren't good and the soup lacks depth... In total, the ramen here is okay but definitely not authentic Japanese ramen	0
Since I was told about this place from multiple people I thought the ramen would be good. I was pretty disappointed. The noodles tasted like mama's noodles (supermarket ramen) and the amount of pork belly was very little and not that great (I ordered extra as well) If you want good ramen stick with Minca (in LES) or Toto (Midtown). Those are top tier and they use really good noodles. Believe.	0
A walk down Broadway led me to this small ramen house hiding behind a set of staircase. There was a list of positive reviews on the Yelp app so I proceeded to stop in for lunch. Their open kitchen made the place felt bigger than its actual size. The light wooden décor was eye pleasing, accentuated by an airy interior and good natural lighting. There were plenty of open tables and I was quickly seated at the walk up counter facing the kitchen. The sight of large pots of broths simmering simultaneously rendered all the sensibilities of a ramen house. I tried the Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen ($12) that came with 6-hour pork broth, chashu, spicy mayu, skinny straight noodles, bamboo, roasted seaweed, and half soft-boiled egg. The broth was thick velvety with a deep tonkotsu flavor. However, it was also flat, one-dimensional, and one key ingredient away from having wow factor. I'm a thick curly egg noodles kind of guy, but thought the straight noodles were a-okay. The chashu came in small cuts and were delicious. The half soft-boiled egg was on point but the soft center could be improved.   I kept thinking there's something missing in the broth that could help to anchor the flavors and add lifts and depths to expand one's appetite. In terms of price and value, Tsujita's ramen costs the same but are simmered for 60 hours with tremendous flavors. Ramen Yamadaya gives larger portions, is more affordable, and their broth is simmered for 20 hours. The price and taste also did not measure up to places such as Daikokuya and Santouka, just to name a few. There was a show of promise, but not enough for me to rate them higher. My top ramen spot in NYC is still Totto Ramen. Chefs were very friendly but the staff didn't seem to have an established protocol for the service I was expecting. In the end, I asked for an itemized receipt but had to experience a moment of confusion on what I needed. I really wanted to like this place so hopefully they will discover that broth to distinguish themselves from all others. I'm willing to return to give them another chance.	0
Decent food but terrible wait in the rain.  Said it would be 45 minutes and waiting at least 60.  Table service took forever.  Phone doesn't work so you can't call.  Total bummer.	0
The attitude of the servers are really really terrible! Really terrible!!!!! I cannot believe that one of the servers was just yelling at customers when they asked for service. How can this happen in restaurant ?! people believe Yelp's recommendation, so they come to have a try. However, I recommend not to come here to get angry! Besides, the food is  disgusting, too!	0
This review is for rice bowl: We came in at noon (group of 5). Waited until 1:20 to get our good. Mine was cold (should have been warm) with a semi raw egg. And multiple patrons were served before us. The food was okay. Do not come here unless you want to wait and have cold food.	0
I will not eat here again. Because when I took delivery. I waited 1hours. And then  it was too late, and the phone staff is very rude. When delivery came here, bowl was broken. And taste is  different to jin restaurant. What happen?It is no taste. Actually I liked jin restaurant. But today is really freak. So I will never go there.	0
Who'd have thought Yelpers hated waiting in lines so much? Sure, nobody enjoys them (except the Japanese...and maybe the British), but to give a restaurant such high ratings because you have to stand outside for less time? Fellas, there's a reason people wait outside Totto and Ippudo. It's because they peddle really good ramen. They're two different styles, assuredly, but they're also both leagues better than what they sell at Jin. Directing people here as though it is comparable to either should only be done by strict absurdists. I'm not basing this review on one fluky encounter, or shitty service, or bitching about how far it is from where I live. The ramen is just flat out not good. I've endured enough nonsensical hype to force myself to go on multiple occasions, to see if there's just something I'm not getting. There isn't.  The noodles are not on par with Totto, and certainly not Ippudo. Perhaps they are equal to Setagaya or Hide Chan, but that is only when they are cooked consistently, which is rare. The noodles at Jin are frequently underdone to the point of puzzlement, as if in a moment of panic some line cook said "BALLS! We didn't put the noodles in this batch!" I posit this because additionally, the noodles have little flavor of the broth that envelopes them. Broth which is likewise disappointing. Spicy tonkotsu, regular tonkotsu, shio, shoyu - it matters not. Pick one, and prepare to be underwhelmed. There is no depth to anything. The heat level of the spicy tonkotsu is laughable, and the creaminess is entirely superficial. Beyond the sheen coating the top layer, the unctuous fever dream ramen should be dissipates into nothing.  The second star is in recognition of the few things done right. The chashu is fine. The other toppings (negi, nori, menma, etc) are likewise fine. There is a happy hour, the length of which is decently long and the discounts it imparts are not insubstantial. Finally, the smaller items, such as the pork buns and the karaage, are acceptable. It is unfortunate that Jin could not be more of a success. The area is bereft of good Japanese food, ramen or otherwise, and in spite of the collective babble on Yelp, it continues to be.	0
The dumplings were delicious but the pork ramen was bland. The noodles were also bland.	0
Terrible service, takes way too long, and screws up my order with no apologies of any kind, or reimbursement. Makes take-out and to-go orders while we sit inside waiting 30 minutes for them to fry some chicken. One customer's complaints may not matter to a busy place like this, but I'm personally never coming back here ever again. Came here hungry, left the restaurant pissed off. Figure this **** out or you guys aren't gonna last. I'm personally going to make sure my entire school knows about the bull that goes on here.	0
This place is so over rated its not funny---- the ONLY reason that it's busy is because it's small and also it's the only noodle shop in Harlem. It's a waste of money-- it's not tasty and it's All NOODLES and some veggies. If you want a real Japanese noodle meal go to MENCHANKO.  There are a few locations. Not only is it cheaper but WAY better and there's more than cup o noodles than Jin Ramen. Lots more to choose from, choice of noodles also. I will NEVER return. PS I've lived in Japan and were in the culture for 10 years. STOP wasting your money and go to a real noodle shop! JIN RAMEN is Cup O Noodle for $14.00. Highly over rated!!! Columbia students have no where else to go so this place is busy--- it's all profit for them. Water, noodles and a few of the same vegetable. Terrible!	0
Jin Ramen is an average to poor Ramen shop, which likely owes its relative popularity to its location and lack of any direct or indirect competition in the area.  This is mediocre ramen for those who want quick food without a subway ride.  I love ramen of all kinds and would be thrilled to have a good ramen shop in my neighborhood, but sadly this is not it, and I would certainly not recommend anyone going out of their way for this place.  I had the tonkotsu ramen, which was served luke warm and lacked the complexity that pork bone broth usually possesses.  The noodle was overcooked, lacking the expected tooth of a Ramen noodle, and was closer in taste to whole wheat linguine than actual ramen noodles.  At a moment when there are many great ramen restaurants around NYC, I would not recommend this one at all.  It might be a few dollars cheaper than the midtown and downtown competition, but Jin Ramen really skimps on quality.  Moreover, the service is terrible -- go at a busy time and you will be rushed in and rushed out as quickly as possible.	0
I could copy and paste Naina's review because the very same thing happened to me and my friends. Once they realized they forgot our order, the only difference was they blamed the cooks and not the system. It was obvious this was a lie by the (French?) waiter. Incredibly annoying and disrespectful to not take the blame and apologize for wasting all of our time. On top of that, once the food arrived 40 minutes later, it was all the wrong order. Probably the worst dining experience my friends and I have had. No chance of going back to this terrible service.	0
Um. I don't agree with the hype around Jin Ramen! There are some aspects which are genuinely Japanese in nature, like their greetings, but then again, the food is horrifying! A ramen should make me want to eat and eat and eat. Yet my sad little bowl of Spicy Tonkatsu ramen was anything but enticing. The bowl of ramen had a truly unappealing layer of red oil. Stir it with your chopsticks and you will find a slightly  whiter broth. Um? I had two slices of the fattiest piece of pork, like the kind I would eat with a Korean bossam, not in a tonkatsu ramen. perhaps education is needed for the consumer so that they understand what they order??!! The broth was incredibly porky pungent. Need a visual? imagine an entire pork was done in for this broth. yeck. There was half an egg which looked more like a thousand year old egg. The noodles were MEH!!!!!!! It wasn't somen, but I was incredibly disappointed. I explicitly requested bean sprouts for additional $1 &amp; found only a sad measly sprinkle of old sprouts. A bowl of ramen which costs me $14 needs to be worth my time.  Hubby's chio ramen was better. At least the broth was.  Go. Figure!!!!  I have to believe that there is a reason why people trek to competitor (or perhaps not in the same league) for genuine, delicious Japanese ramen.	0
Went to Jin today and had almost identical experience to that of a reviewer below. We were seated after about ten minutes right next to another group. They got their food almost immediately, while we waited an extra 45 minutes for ours. They had eaten and paid their check before our food even arrived. We asked one server, than another, and it seems they had given our food to someone else. We'll get it right out, they cheerfully assured us. Nope. When the soup finally came it was lukewarm. The service in the place is simply horrible. We are not going back, despite the quality of the broth. This place needs to get its act together.	0
Really bad attitude! I just want to let server know we are ready to order but the server say "don't you see everyone is waiting" in an angry tone. I have no offense and actually I'm the first one get in the restraunt but the very last to order. I won't eat here anymore.	0
Love this place. But the lunch staff is terrible, rude, wouldn't sit this lady or guy alone despite the place being empty. It is painful to watch. They're nice enough to me but just is a bit too New York during the day. Gone twice during day. Never had a problem at night but the place is also packed	0
Wow.  this ramen is so different.  the noodles are very flimsy and the broth is VERY thick. the chashu pork is good but i can't believe they charge you extra for everything ($1 for corn? scallion?)  My ramen was $16 with one extra topping....overpriced for sure.	0
Same thing happened to me that happened to Jake &amp; Naina. While understandable that mistakes can occur during a lunch hour that is crazy and crowded, I'd appreciate if the staff had enough honesty to notify us that they forgot our order, enough efficiency to tell us how long it'll actually take, enough sense to compensate for our wasted time, and enough integrity to not blame it on the chefs, who are the only folks here that actually know what they are doing. Don't eat here. There's plenty of ramen in NYC.	0
I used to like this place a lot. They have overcooked the noodles on more than one occasion so I'm not going back. Boring review I know but if they can't make decent noodles what's the point?	0
Noodles vs. Broth. Ah, the great big debate between the two main ramen ingredients. It's obvious that both need to work together in perfect harmony, but if I absolutely had to pick I'd say that noodles are more important. So, when I took my first bite of the noodles in my tonkotsu ramen here, I was just surprised and...confused. I took another bite. And another. Nope, it was still the same. Even though I like my noodles al dente and thick, the noodles were way too undercooked and did not soak up any of the broth. Chewy wouldn't even begin to describe the consistency. They were also flatly shaped and began clumping together in some places. Needless to say, I was incredibly disappointed. When the noodles fell flat (!) for me, I eagerly turned to the broth. Surely, I thought,  the broth would offer some relief and justify all of the raving reviews for the ramen at Jin! Sadly, this was not the case. I did not taste much depth to the broth; there was no fullness and no richness. Being a broth made from boiling pork bones, I wasn't expecting a lot of spices, but I was searching and longing for the taste of the hearty marrow when all I had left in front of me was a pretty bland soup. The toppings were probably the best part. The scallions and menma (fermented bamboo shoots) added some necessary crunch, the egg yolk made the broth slightly creamier, the char siu pork slice was flavorful and dripped from our chopsticks, and the nori...well, I just like nori. The ramen is a good size as I was comfortably stuffed after my meal here, but I just did not feel the satisfaction that I was looking for.  I do appreciate its close proximity to the 1 train and the fact that there was almost no wait. I really, really want to owe it to the fact that it was situational and that it was an off day. Right, Jin? Please tell me that's the reason. Likelihood of another visit: I'm all about second chances and I do want to try their hiyashi chuka in the summer.	0
Slooooow service.  I'd expect this from a California ramen shop, but here in NYC it's a bit unacceptable.  We waited over half an hour to get seated (which was expected), then another half an hour for our ramen to arrive (not expected).  They try to be creative by using giant wooden ladles as soup spoons, but it just doesn't work with me.  I have a relatively large mouth, but the angle the ladle is positioned makes it a bit difficult to use as a spoon....because it should be used for cooking and not consuming soup? There's a Michelin review they post in the front where it states Jin as the best ramen above 59th St.  Well, there's a reason for that - it's practically the only one in the area.  People running their own race will always be a winner.  The second a good competitor arrives, it will be game over for them. Overall, this place is overhyped, underwhelming, and highly disappointing.  Which is sad because I really wanted to like the place.	0
I can see why people wait in line for totto ramen. - sage words cutting through the layers.  Inadvertent ramen groupies stumbled our way to this place after an almost oral surgery uptown. I really, really, in my heart, wanted to love this place. I have been trying to come here for months - ever since it opened. 125th and Broadway is so close yet such a trek from 133rd and Lenox. Harlem is not my neighborhood per se but as I'm up here nearly 50% of the time, I really root for the restaurants that open up here as I am an honorary hoodbooger. It was disappointing. The broth was cold. The formulation was too thin to coat the noodles. And the noodles, man, what a fuckin bummer! They weren't uncooked, but I was definitely getting more flour flavor than any chicken or pork essence. The texture was almost like soba - but that could also have been because the broth was lukewarm. The soup had no depth to speak of; the only flavor that come through in the shio was Yuzu and soy sauce in the shoyu. I'm really trying to be humble and even go so far as to imagine that maybe my taste buds have become unrefined from the years of intense, in your face kind of ramen broths, but nah, this was wack. I may not be a ramen expert, but I am a noodle pro. There are styles I can't always say I understand, but I can appreciate their necessity in the world; and then there are things like Anna Sui and 95% of New York Fashion Week shows that just should not exist. Jin Ramen falls in the latter camp.  If you have to try it, at least go for a seat at the bar, it will at least make for a good IG picture, which you will inevitably take. The chairs and tables suck.  Just flaccid all around.	0
overrated! how is this place 4 stars!!?  first, to whoever raved about the pork buns on yelp i hate you because i ordered the pork buns and they were horrible!!! DO NOT ORDER THE PORK BUNS!!! the bun was dry and tough, the sauce was indiscernible and the pork was dry and flavorless.  the miso ramen also sucked. the broth was too heavy and thick. the noodles were too soft.  overall, this place sucks	0
Always loved this place, but I got here about 10 minutes before closing to get a take out and was turned away and told the kitchen closes 15minutes before closing which makes no sense.  If you close at 11 then you cannot turn people away before then.  Really upset by this especially since I can way outta my way to get here...	0
It's hard to rate Jin.  Most of the time they're great, I love the ramen and food in general and the service is great.  Then every once in awhile the service is really bad and orders are mixed up. After going there for awhile, I finally found out why.  I overheard some of the staff talking and it seems some of the management are into late nights with lots of drinking/drugs, and will randomly not show up to work or show up late and force other staff to cover for them on short notice (one was even bragging about being able to do that). This is causing the quality of service to suffer and needs to be looked into.	0
We only decided to dine here based on the 4.5 stars on yelp and perhaps we came on an off-night, but suffice it to say, they were pretty off. Service wasn't bad, the only complaint is they didnt speak english or cantonese well enough to take my order (so much confusion), and they left off my order of orange beef when I was totally looking forward to orange beef all day. The food itself was mediocre. While it wasnt horrible, there are plenty of other options in the area that serve better food. The skin on the XLB were not as thin as I'd hoped.	0
Very disappointed with both the food and the service. We were a part of three who literally stood by the door for a good 5 minutes before someone came over to seat us. The restaurant was not busy at all, 3 tables were occupied. While all the tables had tea and everything, the waiter did not even ask if we wanted tea when he handed us menus. The tea cup that was on my plate was dirty. We ordered seafood noodle soup, house special beef noodle soup and soup dumplings. The seafood noodle soup was cheap- only some small shrimps and an artificial crab stick. The beef noodle soup was loaded with sodium. The soul dumplings were all popped, even without our touch- I don't understand that, because the skin was thicker than normal (and did not taste good).	0
If you have to eat here, make sure you check that the meat is cooked before you swallow it.  We ordered steamed juicy dumplings, pan fried dumplings and pan fried pork bun.  My kids ate the pan fried dumplings very quickly.  When I ate it, I looked at the inside while chewing.  To my horror, the pork was red!!! I checked another dumpling, and it was red as well!  What this meant was that my kids ate raw pork!  The pan fried pork bun raw as well. We will definitely never come back again.  Bad experience.	0
Four people. $600. Four people still hungry after spending $100 per person on food and $200 on a bottle of wine. Owners? Probably in the back of the place counting their loot from cheating people with tiny, small servings and charging a king's ransom! The staff was good, the food just OK, and the coffee bad. Stop by McDonalds on the way home if you want to feel a full stomach!	0
You know what usually sucks? Chain restaurants, even the fancy ones. Not always (some of the Blue Ribbons are notable exceptions) but when you can go to a restaurant under the same umbrella in Vegas, that's almost always a very bad sign.  I used to live around the corner and although I usually give neighborhood restaurants at least three tries before signing off of them, I went here ONCE and was done. The menu is uninteresting and the food is poorly prepared and not that high quality. And the service? Ha. Ahahaha. MAN. I was feeling gracious that night so I didn't penalty tip but this is the only upscale restaurant I've ever been to wherein the adjective that leaps to mind to describe the service is "fratboyish". Yeah. Do not bother. If you are in the nabe and want steak, go to the old classic Old Homestead by walking straight through Chelsea Market and out the other end instead.	0
Note: This review was originally written after the Summer 2012 Restaurant Week season. It was incorrectly tagged to the C&amp;S Dining Room, and thus was posted for the C&amp;S Tap Room. -- As an avid fan of Top Chef, I jumped at the opportunity to dine at one of Tom Colicchio's restaurants during my first Restaurant Week in NYC. The restaurant is located directly behind Chelsea Market on 10th Avenue and 15th St. It's impossible to miss, and upon entering, I was very impressed with the layout and decor of the room; it's very modern yet elegant, with high ceilings, plenty of windows, and well spaced, especially for NYC. I was seated with the rest of my friends and the four of us were presented with Restaurant Week menus. For better or for worse, Colicchio and Sons gives you plenty of options to choose from for each of the three courses. Having studied decision processes and the Paradox of Choice, I'm inclined to say that this may have been more of a detriment than a benefit. Perhaps my selections were not the best choices for the night or perhaps the restaurant suffers from the typical effects of Restaurant Week - over-demand and lowered quality. First and foremost, I have to touch on the service. We were initially taken care of quite promptly as we had an earlier reservation. However, as the Tap Room filled up and more and more tables became filled, the timing between our courses grew longer and longer, glasses became filled with water less and less frequently, and we were more easily overlooked. We also had to wait at least 15 minutes for someone to pause by our table to pick up the bill - something that should have taken them less than 5. On a similar note, the food also became less impressive as the night went on. For my appetizer, I had selected the Boudin Noir, which was a cut of blood sausage with a poached egg on top. Despite the small portion, this was quite a satisfying appetizer to eat. The egg was cooked to that perfect consistency where the egg yolk oozed out at the cut of the knife and created a pseudo-sauce for the sausage. There were also a few greens at the bottom of the dish with a light drizzle of dressing to help balance out the richness and it was, in my opinion, a very successful dish. The Ricotta Cavatelli was next and even at first glance, was rather disappointing. It was a pretty small portion, and one that I would have mistaken for an appetizer plate. The pasta itself looked rather lackluster as it was simply cavatelli in a vodka sauce, with a few slices of mushroom and a sprinkling of cheese on top. The dish had a good flavor and was well-seasoned, the cavatelli was chewy and the eggplant well-cooked, but was monotonous in flavor, especially as it lacked any protein or vegetable. Dessert was also lackluster. I had selected the Zeppole, and this dish was literally a small scoop of melting vanilla ice cream, a few tablespoons of fudge, and three munchkin-sized donuts. The presentation was also lacking, in addition to the taste and quality of the dessert. So, I don't know Colicchio. Did I just choose the wrong things? Or was it because of Restaurant Week? I was expecting more from a place that has such a high rating on Yelp and is overseen by such an acclaimed chef. Perhaps I'll give this place another try at some point in the future, but I wouldn't recommend visiting for a Restaurant Week meal.	0
I entered the restaurant and the host was talking with the kitchen staff, not at his post.  I waited for a couple of minutes then ended up wandering around myself to try and find my friends.  Non of the staff stopped to offer any assistance. I ordered the Prosciutto, Mustard Greens, Tomato Ragout and Fried Egg at $18.  When it came it was tiny, served on a small cut out piece of toast (i'm gluten free - there was no mention of the bread in the description!).  Once I removed it I was left with one small egg, a tiny amount of collard greens and a small piece of Prosciutto.  I was really hungry post eating and had to go somewhere else for some soup! The Bloody Mary was also hugely overpowered by horseradish and there was no celery / garnish to speak of.  Definitely won't return  - was very disappointed.  Not good service nor value for money.	0
Overpriced and underwhelming. tom your feed and drinks at other places much better. Very limited menu, food ok, long ticket times. Skip it better places in the neighborhood	0
This place didn't live up to the hype. I guess I was expecting much more  from a celebrity chef but some of the food just wasn't good. The apps were decent but the entrees fell short.	0
You've got to be kidding me.  Pretentious, inedible menu.  Ridiculous sauce-covered dogshit at $200/plate prices.  Stay away.	0
SO disappointing!   This was my second visit.  The first, though not memorable, was nice enough, and since it was in a convenient location for out of town guests, I thought a return visit would be  fine; I honestly regret the choice! First of all, the service was poor.  I had to take my father's coat at the table and seek out someone to check it.  Our table was repeatedly interrupted mid-sentence for inane questions/comments from waitstaff.  Two  of our dishes were served to the wrong person at the table, which is unimpressive at a five-top.   In terms of the table, we were seated two on one side, three on the other.  I couldn't hear or see one member of my party because of the table setup.  The music was so loud that it inhibited conversation considerably-and I'm young (and love the velvet underground and the clash!).  I don't know how the older members of the group managed at all.  When we left, I heard that someone had asked that it be turned down a little; it was not. Secondly, the food was not up to standards for a restaurant of this type.  I've been to other Colicchio restaurants, and there was clearly something wrong here in comparison.  My baked ricotta was nicely flavored but inedibly hot, which left me way behind everyone and slowing down the pace of our meal.  It was served with nothing to spread it on and also no spoon.  An embarrassing amount ended up on the table since  it was too flaky to be eaten with a fork.  My biggest disappointment, though, was the quinoa "risotto."  I was excited to try this hybrid of two of my favorite carby indulgences.  Instead of the creamy dish I anticipated, I got a wet plate of one-note quinoa, like the last helping of a grain salad with too much dressing, or a bowl of brothy grain.  I left lots on my plate, but no server asked if I was satisfied.  Obviously, I skipped dessert--why waste the money or calories?  People at my table enjoyed the pumpkin panna cotta, which they said was excellent, while I suffered through bitter and weak coffee. Tom, I expected better!  I won't be back.	0
I've sung the praises of this joint so many times as my go-to neighborhood place, it makes me really sad to say that I really can't recommend it anymore, based on a couple of recent visits. Why?  Simple.  2 significant changes: First of all, they've WAY jacked up the prices.  Used to be the kind of place my father would call "very reasonable."  Now with several apps @ $25 or so and mains above $30, not so much. Couple that with a pretty obvious downgrade in cuts and choice of ingredients and it isn't a winning formula.  (i.e. skate as the main seafood offering, and top sirloin as the steak.) Doesn't help when a chef (talking to a table next to us) says of a $45 chicken and black truffle special "Well, we don't use our best truffles for this, but it's still good." Also, their previously exemplary service seems to be sagging a bit.  Waitstaff on past 2 visits was strangely aloof.  And there always used to be a 'captain' running around picking up the slack (which was a nice touch, unexpected in a 'bar room'-type setting,) but they seem to have done away with that, too.	0
I brought some friends here on their last night visiting me in the city, based on the great reviews we had read on this place so we were expecting good things. However, it was not to be. The service was appalling - we had to wait for the table, despite having a reservation, and once we had sat down, it took another 20 minutes or so before we were even asked our drinks order and offered water. This carried on throughout the meal. The food was average at best, and definitely not worth the high prices.	0
Arrived at about 9 PM on a Monday. Place was about 75% empty.  Three of us just wanted drinks and asked to have one of the MANY empty tables in the tap room.  There were not three seats available together at the bar. Hostess said no.  We pointed out that it was highly unlikely that they would get busy at that point. She didn't seem to care.  Not surprising that the place is empty.	0
Although past meals here have been special, Thanksgiving dinner was an expensive disappointment. The normally attentive wait staff handled the four-course meal like it was assembly line work. Then again the food itself had an assembly line nature - far below the standard we had come to expect. My steak had the texture of cork. My wife barely touched her turkey as it too was dry, totally unremarkable, and diluted in an herb that overwhelmed the natural turkey flavor. Vegetables and sides were passable and minimal. Possibly the most disturbing element was the "Thanksgiving" music - a never ending loop of Vietnam era songs by the Doors, Rolling Stones, the Animals, Canned Heat, Joe Cocker, et al. All great stuff if you're having a pizza and a beer, but unexpected and inappropriate for a Thanksgiving meal that cost more than $200 per person with drinks. It was the wrong aural ingredient under any circumstance and particularly annoying when other senses were also being displeased. This meal wasn't just a slight miscue. For the price, it qualified as a true embarrassment.	0
Food 2.5 Service 2 Ambiance 3.5 O/all 2.5 Shocked by the high rating on Yelp.  During weekday lunches, only the Tap Room is opened. Key things to note: 1/ awesome non-alcoholic ginger 'beer' drink 2/ food was average (starter, main, dessert) which is unacceptable given the pedigree and pricing at this place 3/ service is a bit slow---had to ask for an extra menu, bread, drink menu, etc...despite our table being seated b/f everyone else. 4/ space is airy and well decorated	0
Not great, I like Craft better. Beers were trying too hard to be interesting, seating was rather uncomfortable and the food was not interesting at all (although it was filling). For me, its out of the way and not worth the trip, even if is relatively inexpensive for its category. On a side note, service wasn't bad, just annoying and not thoughtful, for instance waiters interrupting a conversation about wine selection to ask if we were ready to order a bottle of wine	0
Very nice ambiance but the service just kills it. ONE57 where apartments are selling for in excess of $50ml and rooms are over $1000 you expect a well trained staff and kitchen. 20 minutes to get bread and water and don't expect a refill. 45 minutes for apps which were totally underwhelming. I'm curious why they display beautiful lobsters and when you order the recommended lobster salad $28 you get 2 morsels and a claw no larger than my finger. What do they do with those big display lobsters since they're not on the menu. Close to an hour later still begging for bread and water the entrees arrive. Sadly our table of 10 was not fired properly so some dishes were hot and others cold. Lucky for me my pork chop was perfect although $38 is a bit steep. Sides are minuscule but without them you'll still be hungry. As far as the wine selection it's impressive  to have a great list but you need to actually have the wine. I won't even speak about their steak because the prices are so out of line who would order them? Our host was a VIP guest so you would think the manager would stop by our 3 1/2 dinner to see how we were but no. They compt a few $$$ but it was not  a $1000k + experience. They really need to get their act together and hire an experienced staff. Too bad.	0
We had Dinner with 8 people.  Hands down this was the WORST food I have ever had in NYC, and I've been coming here got 30 years! We were all completely underwhelmed by all aspects of the food and the presentation.  I ordered the Halibut cheek ravioli. I tried and tried to detect any Halibut in the food but alas, none was to be found.  Farro risotto- served cold! They tried way to hard to be something they are not. Avoid this place.  Cold pizza will be better	0
Really hate to be out of the norm... i like to fit in.... but I seriously had this so many times and don't get how it is the most popular... shredded chicken is not to my taste, it is so dry, and anyway I prefer actual chunks of chicken. Hot sauce is like the spiciest thing I've ever tasted... no flavor, just straight up SPICE... yet if you don't put it on, the platter has no taste... so either choose to be spiced to death, or to eat plain tasting food. And recently they started giving the sauces in plastic packets... which for some reason makes it less appealing as I now have to cut open my sauce packets with my scissors... omg... just please go try these instead: - The Casbah on 66th and Broadway - Rafiqi's on 52nd and Park	0
How does this place have a rep again? For years I had to hear about Halal Guys this, and gyro that, and white sauce ZOMG. White sauce = mayo.  Blech. When you say "onions" on the gyro, that doesn't mean "peppers." (hate em, didn't know they were an option) Their gyro isn't all that either - Rafiqi is much much MUCH better.  Oh and when I ask for GYRO on PITA w/ white and red sauce and onions - that means, NO PEPPERS and NO FALAFEL.  I love falafel - just didn't want it mixed in w/ my gyro. I've been to the store on 95th St, and thought I was missing out b/c of the trucks.  Nope.  Lesson learned.  I just don't like Halal Guys food.	0
Disclaimer: I'm a native NYer that has eaten at a LOT of the halal carts up and down 6th ave. Have been here a few times over the last 2 years. These guys are the corporate fast-food version of Halal food. This place a complete tourist trap and the equivalent of In-and-Out on the west coast in terms of hype. Prices have been jacked up to $7. The containers are big so everyone assumes "Wow, im getting a great deal" Portions of meat are way smaller than before, and you're getting mostly rice and "salad"(read: iceberg lettuce) now with a just enough meat on top to cover it up.  No real cooking is done anymore.  Everything is pre-cooked in the morning and sits in a big metal pot where its scooped from all day. Next time you come here and order, just LOOK at where your meat is coming from. All the sauces are manufactured into packets complete with preservatives now. Not to mention they have bought out every competitor in the area!  I highly recommend everyone supports the smaller mom and pop carts nearby that aren't under the Halal Guys umbrella instead if you're looking for what the good halal food USED to taste like. Here's two nearby that are the some of the best: Rafiqi's and Uncle Gussys on 52nd and Park Adels on 49th and 6th (after 6pm)	0
Halal guys is a certified Manhattan hotspot. It's one of those places you try just to say you've tried it. Just make sure your expectations are at the right level: okay food, and you'll wait a while for it. Let's cut through the hype. We waited 45 minutes in below-freezing temperatures. The food was good, but not quite worth that long a wait on a cold day. The two carts on opposite corners are the same. Pick the one with the shorter line. As mentioned in other reviews, the super spicy red sauce is what makes Halal Guys unique. Unfortunately, the food can be a bit bland without that spicy sauce or the dirty white sauce. As for the meat, the chicken is a bit stringy. The lamb is better, but it tastes mostly like sausage. You can't argue with $6 though. Finally, looking for a place to sit down and eat? If you don't want to eat on the side of the road (we were frozen solid after waiting so long), you can also walk a block to the Uniqlo second floor. Next to the starbucks is some public seating. In sum, go if you want to check it off your list, but don't be disappointed if you miss it. You won't have missed much.	0
Not. Impressed. I was so looking forward to some street food in NYC! All my friends raved about it.  I got to their stand around 11:45 right before the lunch rush. Ordered the mixed lamb &amp; chicken over rice. It was ready within minutes of ordering.  Once I found a spot on a nearby bench I dug in. The food was barely room temp, definitely not what I'd expect after seeing the cook in front of me making everything to order. I get it, it's like 30-40 degrees out, but my biggest pet peeve is getting my food order and having it come out luke warm. Anyway, the chicken was barely seasoned and the lamb was mediocre. They dumped on way too much of the yogurt white sauce (my bad for not getting it on the side). The portions were insanely huge. I was traveling alone so the option to share wasn't really there for me.  This place was definitely overrated. I'm sure other halal stands are 100 times better.	0
Disclaimer:  m a Nyer! And I know halal!  AVOID THIS AT ALL COST!! I have waited countless hours on this the halal guys food carts after cladding out till 5am! All I have to say is thank god for its competitors! This is probably one do the worse halal place in NYC! Only reason why it's so popular cause it was one of the first ones!..  Honestly there's great halal carts around  the area where they actually cook their meat and flavor it!	0
They raised the price now to $7 and the portions have become smaller.  The change in portion size may be a good thing because apparently the chicken and rice platter has about 2000 calories.  It's not really the value that it was before, but you don't have too many options at 4am after a night out drinking. I'm not a fan because the people who work there are generally rude, no longer represents a value, and the overall vibe.  I'm older now so I don't like hanging around a bunch of stupid drunk guys who act like they just came out of a frat party. If you're a tourist, you're probably going to come here.  If you're drunk, you're probably going to come here.  But trust me, there are better options for chicken over rice during the daytime hours that you should really try if you're not drunk or a tourist.	0
Meh.  I am a Los Angelino and I don't have too much experience eating street food in NY, but I found the Halal Guys to be extremely overrated. The food was just OK. Sure the portions were large for the money and certainly a great value in NY, but all of the great "press" that Halal Guys has leads be to believe that most of the people that eat there do not have any real experience with what "street food" should really taste like; Or by comparison, all the other NY trucks are really, really bad. And no one should serve "tahini" sauce that has absolutely no sesame paste in it. (Read artificial.) They have nothing vs. a good old LA taco truck.	0
This place is undeniably one of New York's most famous food carts. Unfortunately, it seems like it's more famous for the long lines than for the food. Both the rice and the chicken I got lacked flavour. Despite a thick layer of grease in the bowl, the ingredients felt dry and didn't have a very pleasant texture. White sauce ultimately saves the day but decent food shouldn't need to be drowned in 1 litre of it to be edible. Recommendation: Do not go out of your way to try this place.	0
Came here on a whim after a night of partying in queens and was not impressed. I used to make any excuse to make my way over here 3 years ago.  Not sure what has changed, my taste buds or the fact that they're over rated. If it weren't for the price, I would not give this place any stars. I am absolutely disappointed with this place as my memories of this meal were not even close to what I was presently tasting.	0
I still give the food a 5... but... my friend went a few days ago and has said that they raised their prices to $7 from $6. SIGH..... what is this world coming to!!??!?!?	0
Also had a terrible falafel. Is this some imposter or was I just unlucky? See pic. The falafel was hard as a rock, and super stale. I just threw them out and ate the rice, which was okay with the white sauce. Will give this place another shot but definitely not ordering that again.	0
Eh, I was really disappointed. Especially after all the hype. The chicken and rice really has no flavor, unless you drench it in their white sauce -which is really just mayo. And the hot sauce is really ridiculously spicy. If you put too much all you taste is hot sauce. It's barely edible.  The guys are really rude too. They forgot to give me a fork so I went to ask for one and was yelled at for not waiting in line (which would have been a twenty min wait- for a fork??? That they forgot to give??) then he finally gave me a fork but basically just shoved it in my hand and told me to get out of his way. Not sure what's worse the food or the service.	0
the food is okay...well its good enough for food from a cart I suppose. the food was a little bland to me, and the quality of the rice was didn't taste right, idk if it was just me but the rice had a smell of metal to it. Overall the only part I really enjoyed was their hot sauce. I had a great kick to it.	0
Sorry.... I just don't get it. I may have very well ordered the wrong dish.  I can't even tell you the name of the dish, it was that forgettable.  Chicken (I think?), shredded lettuce, rice and a white sauce.  The sauce was boring and bland and the rice, dry. There must be other awesome dishes for people to wait in line for that long.	0
I found the food to be totally over-rated.  The felafel was dry and the whole platter wasn't very appealing to me.  Good service though.	0
The quality of their food has gone down. Price has increased to $7 and the lamb and chicken combo has very tiny pieces of lamb. I got a stomach ache after eating this and will not be coming back here again.	0
You guys.  What am I missing.  My fiancé and I waited in line for 30 minutes for a bowl of chicken and lamb over rice with white sauce and spicy hot sauce.  Yes, it's tasty.  It smells even better than it tastes.  Is it worth queuing all the way down the block?  No.  *ducks* It was so funny, my fiancé clearly didn't want to wait, and I was like "Look at the Yelp reviews!  WE HAVE TO WAIT FOR HALAL GUYS!"  So we waited.  And waited.  Then we got our food, sat on a ledge, and ate it in silence.  Then we went on our way.  It was not spoken of.  The unspoken subtext from him was, "That wasn't worth waiting for, but I don't want to tell her so she doesn't feel bad."  The unspoken subtext from me was, "Oh God I hope he doesn't mention how average this is because I'm embarrassed we waited for this."  Three stars for food, minus a star because go somewhere else instead of spending your entire lunch hour standing outside for a bowl of decent food. Hot sauce is mega mega mega hot though.  So....that's cool.	0
I have been eating Chicken &amp; Rice aka 'Platters' for ages after late drunk nights in the city-- and always have been a fan of The Halal guys on the corner of the 53rd St &amp; 6th Ave.  They have 4500+ reviews that is 4.5 starts but I am going to go against all of it because last two times I ate the food from here, my stomach was upset for days. And I am not just not writing this negative review based on my experience, few of my friends have experienced the same problem lately. I have decided to stop eating here till my friends tell me it is safe to eat again. On a good note, when I was there last time-- they were filming something &amp; gave me a key chain (that's all I remember because I was too drunk which is norm when I visit them).	0
This is only "amazing" under two circumstances: piss drunk or edge of starvation. I ate this sober and with average hunger levels. Not impressed. The only upside is that you're getting a large portion for the price, which is rare in NYC. However, the meat is a little dry and so flavorless that you absolutely need to add extra white sauce. That's probably why everyone is raving about that sauce in the other reviews. The sauce isn't even something I want to go out of my way to eat again. I had to give this 1 star for the extreme disappointment I experienced from higher expectations from the other reviews.	0
They take their sweet time here. Not fast food. Slow food. Still mediocre halal. I only stop here when I pass by. Don't go outta your way.	0
Back in the old days this was one the best chicken/lamb over rice cart in NYC but now its just over glorified tourist food. who have no idea what they are eating. It's not fresh I mean why do you think that long line moves so fast? They reheating the precooked food for you. it's dry and chicken was little to salty last time when I had it and the time before that and before that too. I do realize its a food stand I don't except it VIP food I do except it make taste dance like it use to. 2 and half start just those good old memories.	0
It's a bargain for sure, but now I know why no one comes here when they're sober. You get a ton of food but it's marginal at best. You also don't get a ton of meat, which was more evident since I was actually focusing on the meal. The white and red sauces are really the only thing saving it. Go after midnight, when you've had a few.	0
I went here with the hopes that it may be authentic enough to transport me back to the absolutely delicious food I ate while visiting Israel. I was disappointed to find my food soggy and generally bland.	0
So..if you've read my tip, then you understand why I'm giving Halal Guys two stars: Unsanitary. When I placed my order, the man took my cash with the same gloved hand that he began making my food with. I'm pretty sure any health inspector would not be down with that.  As dismayed as I felt, I was still willing to give my meal (and my co-diners meal) a chance. What do you REALLY expect from a New York street vendor? The falafel sandwich was disappointing- dry and not fresh. The only reason why Halal Guys gets the second star is because, the meat-over-rice dish was actually very good.  In short, if you can look past an unsavory health aberration, and you order a meat dish, then this place might be for you!	0
They have now increased their prices to $7. I think that now that they have a restaurant, they think they're all high and mighty and can charge higher prices!  Additionally, it seems that food quality has gone down. The meat has become tasteless and the portions seem a bit smaller. The last time I got served, by the time I found a seat, my food was already cold. You would think it would be fresh since there is a huge line.	0
They are bit pricey	0
I've seen them wash their hands and their produce in the fountains outside the building they're in front of. Unless you're super drunk or have an iron stomach, don't eat here.	0
Great if your low on cash, but not ideal food, whatsoever.	0
My go-to place when I need a halal fix. We've been going here for years and always enjoyed it. However, I have a plate of their chicken over rice dish in front of me now and I am very disappointed. The white sauce is now in packets (goodbye little tubs), pita is stale and the whole thing just has a plastic/chemical stench to it. What happened? I know they are expanding all over the world. But should that affect the quality of their food? I am really hoping they are just having an off night (snow, maybe?)	0
This place has gone majorly down hill over the years. It used to be amazing. The food now is frighteningly mediocre. I'm kind of addicted to the chicken and rice carts..have been for years..and I would say 75% of the carts in New York are better than this place. Do yourself a favor and get an appropriate meal.  The meat is bland, dry, and now they chop it up in a horrible, nearly fine way. There is not nearly enough sauce..c'mon. The white sauce is the most important part! The rice is also just mediocre, no flavor at all. The pita bread was also dry and borderline stale.  I just don't get these reviews. Are they all from tourists? Has the hype killed the quality? This is so odd.	0
The food is generally pretty good, very long lines; the attendants however, tend to lie about the price of food and add an extra $1 or $2 to the price.  I've found on several occasions that I have been OVER CHARGED by these thieves, only being asked to pay the correct price for food whenever I have called the person out, and there is a long line of hungry people waiting in line to witness a spectacle being made about the over charge.  I hope the extra $1 or $2 was worth the price of this review.  "Oddly, enough, the $6 chicken lamb mix with salad seem to cost $7 or $8 depending on the person, occasion and thief who is handling the money".	0
There was a big hype for halal guys from some friends, so i had to try it. I was really disappointed by the food. After reading reviews, maybe i should have gotten halal after a night of drinking. Instead, i had it when i was starving and hyped to see what the buzz was about.  The quantity and price point are hard to beat at $6 for chicken and rice.  I don't think i would try it again.	0
Ok don't get me wrong My non vegetarians friends swear by the chicken over rice here and literally crave for it more than anything... Frnds who have moved out of NY stop by halal cart the first thing when they visit.... BUT the falafel over rice is really ok... I have had much better at the cart outside Barclays in downtown.... And a few other carts.... This one I simply don't like.	0
I DONT GET IT! I REALLY DONT!! Yea this is an extremely popular place compared to other food trucks. And it's true you can get a large portion with a low price. And yes the fresh meat the good sauce. BUT, it just wasn't THAT good for me!! Sorry I can't appreciate it's greatness. I have to say that I'm not an expert on chicken over rice but I swear this was the one I most disliked!！ The meat was somewhat dry and lacked deep flavor. The rice is okay but not surprising.  I would have gave this place 3 stars, but this time 2 stars for balancing the scores. ( yea I totally think it's overrated) 冻成狗了我都233333好吧，我的天朝舌头真的不造好吃在哪。哥大门口3刀一个的肉夹馍甩这个肉好几条街­好吗。更别提其他几个名不见经传的天朝牌餐车了。大冬天的，排老长队，冻成狗的心情懂吗？满满的期待呀！！­可是吃到食物那种感觉。。。就好像。。。我，我都脱了你就给我吃这个？？！！	0
Guess I'm definitely in the minority here, but I don't understand all the hype about this place. Stopped by with a friend for a late lunch, got the mixed chicken and gyro over rice, put reasonable amounts of white sauce and hot sauce - their hot sauce is HOT! I love eating spicy food and put about as much as everyone else around me did but literally started crying (with pain? joy?) at one point because it was just so damn hot, even after I gulped down the entire contents of my water bottle. One serving is huge. And 80% meat (my guy friend was a very enthusiastic fan of this fact). While I was eating all of it I couldn't stop, though not actually sure if that was because it was delicious or because it was sinfully spicy - heavily leaning towards the latter because of course the only way to stop your tongue from burning while eating spicy food is to eat more of it, yeah? But after I finished I felt sick from so much meat and oil and richness and ulcer-causing sauce. The food also didn't taste at all discernibly different from the cart food across the street. I guess I'll come back if I'm ever in the area and starving and in desperate need of a calorie injection and feeling rather masochistic that day, but otherwise no big hurries to visit again.	0
Sunday night, 5 o'clock, the two of us walked into Vinatería with the intention of giving this neighborhood restaurant a second chance.  The first time must have been an aberration: we waited for over an hour to be served.  The food was very good but I do believe eating out is more than the food alone.  Bad service can ruin the experience. Tonight we sought a slow, relaxing glass of wine and tapas but instead were served a fast train of "hurry up and get out." It began nicely with a grandmotherly older hostess seating us in the then nearly empty restaurant.  Within moments of being seated a waitress asks "do you know what you'd like to order?"  Umm, no, we were JUST seated, I thought to myself.  So we study the menu and order the wine and some tapas a few minutes later when she returned.  Things were going pretty well--and the food IS very good--until another server started pouring water repeatedly anytime one of our glasses showed a drop in level.  Conversation interrupted.  When my wife finished her food, her plate was cleared almost immediately and I was asked if I was still eating (which I clearly was).  My utensils indicated this which the server had obviously not taken note of.  Conversation interrupted again.  WHY DO SERVERS INSIST ON CLEARING PLATES BEFORE EVERYONE IS DONE?  We didn't really intend on having dessert but may have had more wine if the server hadn't returned--check ready in hand--only to ask "do you think you'd like to order more wine or should I bring you the check?"  Meal officially over.  It was then clear to us that they were either trying to move us out to make room for the next customer (there were plenty of empty tables being early on a Sunday so why?) or were oblivious to how they had just pushed us along and not let us set the pace of the meal at all. Well, if it were just the food I'd return but I can cook a great meal at home.  Service at Vinatería is clearly not their forté.  I gave it a second chance and if the third time's a charm, I'll never know.	0
This review is based on the fact that every attempt to eat there has been shut down due to seating issues. My husband and I were going on a stroll with our dog to celebrate our 2 year anniversary and we're hoping to sit outside on the patio. When we arrived, which was late around 10:15pm, we saw that they were starting to close down the patio, however there was still another couple eating outside who had just began their dinner. I asked politely if we can dine in the patio since the kitchen was still open, I informed the gentlemen that my husband and I were attempting to celebrate our anniversary. He showed no sympathy and did not care, nor try to arrange to have us eat outside. Thing is my husband works abroad and was leaving next day for business. I understand following protocol but being understanding and considerate demonstrates good customer service! The fact that there was still people eating outside was bothersome. I don't believe my husband and I would have violated the noise restriction this gentlemen claimed was reason why he could not eat on the patio. For the record I've been living in Harlem long before this restaurant existed.	0
Go to Maison Harlem! They are open and will happily serve you   I have never been to this place when they are open. They are not open on Monday, they only do brunch on Sunday, and they do not open till 5pm the rest of the week. How does this place make money? Today I thought I would finally find this place open, I pulled the door and was told that they were not open. I had to wait 20 minutes, and asked if I could sit outside until they were ready. I was told that they needed to set up the outside and I couldn't wait at an open empty table. Well forget that. I've tried to eat here 3 times. I'm done. I work in the industry and I can't believe they would rather send me away then allow me to wait patiently. Very bad bartender.	0
Don't waste your time.	0
Walked by quite a few times and thought I would try this place one night. It was packed so my friend and I snagged seats by the window across from the bar. After sitting unattended for 15 minutes my friend had to go look for a server to get menus. The server was knowledgable about the wine list and made great recommendations but it took 15 minutes for him to return with a glass of wine and mixed drink and another 15 minutes with the credit card slip after we asked for the bill.  Unfortunately both the music and conversation levels were way too loud. Also the window seating is quite close to the bar so we were almost dislodged from our stools a few times by a lady who was schmoozing other patrons up and down the bar. Might have been our bad luck that night but between the service, noise and physical abuse we decided to leave after one drink.	0
I just ordered the black spaghetti with heads on prawn to go. After reading the great reviews and being in the neighborhood, I was excited to try the restaurant. All I can say is eh with a side of feeling jipped. When I arrived home and looked in the bag, there was no bread (which is typical with pasta dishes at most places), but the worst part was the bait and switch of the "heads on prawns". I received 6 empty prawn heads and 3 TINY shrimp bodies- clearly not the meat from the beheaded prawns! I have never had a restaurant pulled that crap ever. WTF? I'm hungry so I suppose it tastes fine, but for $19 plus tax I did not get my money's worth.  Max Soha has a similar dish which is actually way better than this one from Vinateria. The only problem is they do not deliver. I will give Vinateria another try and dine in, but color me wary. I would recommend asking the waiter to clearly explain your dish. I unfortunately did not have the option.	0
Was excited to eat here based on the reviews, but our meal here was unfortunately very disappointing. Great ambience and fantastic service are where I give the restaurant full marks. Unfortunately, our food was terrible.  Started with a red "beet salad" that contained one beet and a pile of soggy, overdressed arugula.  My main course was black spaghetti with octopus.  The octopus was fine (not particularly good or bad), but the spaghetti was extremely overcooked, drenched in butter, and had absolutely no flavor.  It may have been the worst pasta entree I've ordered at a restaurant.   Shame that this place didn't deliver despite the atmosphere and the polite staff.  At least there are several great options nearby on FDB!	0
Unfortunate encounter today with unfriendly bartender - walked out and went to The Cecil instead where I was greeted with a handshake and a smile. There are too many places to choose from uptown to have to put up with rude service. It's too bad as I typically like this venue - they *might* get one more chance from me.	0
The restaurant although completely empty won't seat you until your entire party is here (I'm with a party of two). I think this is bad service and just witnessed someone else walking out bc they wouldn't get seated either. I think if it's a busy time this this policy is ok.	0
Great outdoor seating, tremendously mediocre food. The arugula salad with boquerones, radishes, and fennel had practically nothing in it. It was basically an underdressed pile of greens with one anchovy. The cavatelli with pork sausage was extremely oily, with over-dry, tasteless bits of meat, and hardly any sign of the advertised broccoli rabe. Portions were minuscule and the meal overall was completely unsatisfying. As I left all I could think about was where I would go to get something else to eat. I was disappointed since the neighborhood is so lovely and I could see myself coming back there to sit on the sidewalk and have a snack...but I'll have to find another place to do it.	0
I cannot believe this place received such positive reviews.  Another typical Harlem futz up of a restaurant, ie. it looks great on the outside, but when it comes down to substance, it is sorely lacking.  The evening started out with me being seated in a horrible cramped spot despite several open tables.  When I complained, the waiter refused to move me.  The man himself was slovenly wearing a white shirt that had that 'gone grey' look cheap cotton gets when over washed and worn out.  They didn't have iced tea.  This is a sure sign of restaurant incompetence. It is easy to make and people love it - especially on a record hot summer day.  Moreover, even if you don't have it, make some tea and throw ice on it - that simple.  But it got worse.  When I went to order my wine, I asked the waiter about the character of various wines on the menu.  He clearly had not tried any or been briefed by the restaurant. The man had no knowledge even of the few bottles served by the glass. Despite each wine's origin being clearly stated on the menu, his comment, was, " I don't know where it is from".  This from a restaurant called VINateria?!!  When I ordered food, I asked how one of the dishes tasted, his response, "ok".  That's it, no explanation, nothing.  After further probing on the matter he suddenly changed his tune to "its great!"  This did not inspire confidence.  Afterwards he failed to accurately remember my order, returning twice for clarification - I only ordered two things.  When the food came it was flavorless and mediocre. My calamari consisted of a pile of salad and about 6 tiny pieces of calamari - 6 !!!  I found myself still hungry and ordered the steak tartar.  This was good, but I felt sick immediately after eating it.  Can any restaurant experience get worse?  Another slur on the Harlem dining scene.	0
I was very excited to try out this place. It looks fantastic with its bold white lettering on a black background. Very exciting. However, the staff were offhand and disdainful from the moment we walked in. Our server acted as if she were doing us a favor. One server wiped our table and tried to take away our olives which were not yet finished. Another server took away my husband's plate while he was still chewing! Ridiculous. It should - and could - be so much better.  I love the carbonated water they make available for free. For a place called 'vinateria' the wine is average. The wine at bier is far better and the staff have a much better attitude. Why would a wine place not have wine pumps to keep their wine fresh?  My halibut was very nice, I must admit but my husband's steak was average. Disappointed.	0
So, I hate to leave a two-star review when the food and cocktails were fantastic... But the service was TERRIBLE! Worst I have experienced in New York. My boyfriend and I are in our twenties and are both frequent restaurant-goers (and big tippers -- my sister was a waitress so I know how it goes!). We had dinner last Saturday (9/21) around 7:30pm. I am not sure if our server wrote us off as young people who wouldn't give a good tip, or whether she was just inexperienced, but she essentially ignored us the entire night. Never once came over to ask how our food was, didn't offer dessert, didn't stop by at the end of the meal. She essentially took our dinner order and never showed up again (the busboy brought the food). We waited 20 minutes for a check and finally had to flag down another waitress to receive it. We occasionally saw our waitress hanging around the bar chatting with other servers or the bartender -- almost like she was intentionally ignoring us. The restaurant was also half empty and it looked like she only had one or two other tables at most.  At the end of the meal, I wanted to call over the manager as this is a new restaurant with fantastic food (and I wanted him to get the feedback -- I'm in nonprofit management and know how valuable it is), but the BF wanted to head out.  Unfortunately, despite the great food and location, we won't be coming back.	0
I will start by saying how excited I was to see a new local restaurant open in the area.  Between 110th and 125th on 8th Ave/Frederick Douglass, there is a strong need for modern and new restaurants.  The area is growing and so with it should the cuisine and bars/nightlife.  I went to Vinateria on a Wednesday night with the aspiration of adding the restaurant to the list of places to go on a regular basis.  After having a couple drinks and some various sized plates, I won't be going back any time soon.  Let's start with the drinks... Overall they are pretty good, except for the beer selection.  Bulk up on the beer selections because 3 draft beers doesn't cut it anywhere. Next, the food.  Overall, the food was not I expected.  With such a limited menu, there is no reason to serve sub-par food and that is what I got.  There must have only been 10 items TOTAL (apps, small to large plate combined) to choose from on the food menu, so please get those 10 items right.  I'll give Vinateria some credit as it's still new, but when a restaurant first opens service should suffer NOT the quality of food.  Speaking of service, it was great.  All servers went out of their way to help out and they seemed to work as a team.  Great service... yes it's important, but focus on the food quality more. Figure out the opening, get the food up to par, and let's get this great opportunity thriving.  The area needs it and more importantly let's set a good standard of food quality.  You're just not cutting it yet.	0
Lovely decor. Great bar. Mediocre food and poor service. And way overpriced. Much better suited place for soho 5 years ago.	0
I'll admit that if the price point were a bit lower, Goggan would probably be a solid 3 stars. But with higher prices come higher expectations. My bf and I came for a fairly late dinner not too long ago. We ordered the Kimchi Jeon ($18), the Galbijjim ($35), and the "Goggan" Pork Belly ($28). The kimchi jeon was deliciously crispy and savory although you couldn't really taste much kimchi flavor. The Galbijjim (short ribs) was really tender and tasted great swiped in the butternut squash puree--the vegetables on the side were also well-cooked.  Unfortunately, the pork belly was a total fail. It was stringy and the fat was incredibly chewy without that delicious melt-in-your-mouth texture that pork belly should have, when cooked correctly. Honestly, this was the worst pork belly I've had. Sure, the couscous was good and the flavors were there but pork belly is not something you want to mess up the texture of.  Service was fine and the atmosphere is romantic and intimate. I was just disappointed with the food especially since I go to nicer restaurants less frequently than I used to and with all the great reviews and the high prices, was expecting something better. Portions are fairly small and even the dishes that were good didn't seem to quite justify the price.	0
I was totally disappointed with this place! When I read the reviews, I thought we would be in for a treat ....but what a waste!!! First of all the price was too high for the quality of the food. We did not like what we got and still cannot figure out why we were charged so much. The service was so-so. The part that ruined the entire experience was when we were asked to hurry up because other people were waiting for the table. Mind you, we were barely finished with the dessert. What kind of service is this? I for sure will never go back to this place again and made sure that my friends also knew about my experience. The 1 star is for the decor, which in my opinion is nice and elegant.  Good luck to those of you who still venture out there.  Cheers,  Mag	0
This could have been an easy 4 star review if it wasn't for the price. The food is good, service and ambiance ok, but for what it is is WAY overpriced. 2 people, 4 drinks, shared appetizer and 2 entrees = $140. It was not that good. You leave with a feeling of being somehow cheated.	0
Good food, but a HORRIBLE wait. If they're going to charge this much AND make you wait so very long for something on a lunch menu, it should be absolutely amazing. It was alright... but we were there so incredibly long. At one point, when we just kept looking and looking and looking for our food, they brought us the equivalent of pickles. Wouldn't go here again, sadly; it seemed like such promise.	0
I had dinner last night with my girlfriend and the other couple who are going to get married soon. Since I got few of recommendation from reference, as well as seeing some good reviews on Yelp, I decided to take a chance on this place as I wanted buy a nice dinner for the couple to congratulate their marriage. I made a reservation few days in advance and I could get nice table at their small private section. I was happy with the spot we got as it was little special night for us. As soon as I stepped in to restaurant, I was impressed about their decor and interiors. Few things annoyed me thou. FIRST - SERVER performance; I don't know why we were not getting helped often. It might be because we were in private section but it was simply hard to see the wait staff around us. I had to get out to the hallway to place an order for us. It was very disappointed. When we ordered food. They were so impolite in way of talking to me. " Is that going to be enough food for you?" she said.  I mean we've had some snacks before show up here yet still ordered 3 entree and one appetizer  for 4 people. Does she really need to give us those attitude that we are not ordering enough food? She looked so impolite. And more disappointing part is she was the owner.(or wife) I guess she gets her attitude when she speaks Korean? Let us decide whats enough for us or not. It was first time being there for us, so why don't you give some more polite gesture such as our portion is very little so I am afraid if that might not enough for you or something!   Another thing is about the WINE. I ordered Riesling(Dry) wine from Germany, yet it was not chilled enough for white wine. They told me to wait for little while for it to be chilled enough to drink. I mean seriously? They don't have wine cellar to store wine to have adequate temp for it? Why do I have to wait to drink the wine? More of frustration came when I told wait staff that it's frustrating that they didn't prepare the wine to drink right away. He replied I have to wait because they put all wines in a cellar which has temp set for 48F. He insisted all wine is best to drink at 48F. I am waiting because I want the chilled wine. I mean it wasn't 48F anyway and it's not true that all wine has same temp for its best temp. If he apologizes for lack of preparation, it would look much better than insisting with wrong information. He was trying to give me lecture about temperature for the wine. Hey- I think I know much better about wine.  And FOOD was not very impressing at all. Fried rice was served as cold. Galbijjhim was burned. No impression at all. I would give 5 star for how it look, but 3 star for its taste. Overall, I had disappointing experience with this place. I would not come back to this place again. Rather grab a burger at Bare burger next door.	0
Pre booked a table for 3 for dinner. We arrived 5 minutes early and was given a table right by the door. It was extremely cold with only a curtain between our table and door. Restaurant was 80% empty so we asked for another table away from the cold. The attitude we received from hostess was shocking and extremely rude. Hostess told us that they were full but we were welcome to leave, which we did.	0
I so wanted to try this place based on reviews but we didn't have reservations... my fault to a degree but figured a table of two walking in shouldn't over whelm anyone... We got there at 6 20 pm or so and told us that all tables were reserved by I think the owner of the place.  Half the place was empty, she said she could sit us at the bar but honestly it was after a long time that we had a chance to go out without kids so who wants to sit at the bar. The place smelled great but we ended up walking out. I would've been irritated watching the empty tables behind me while I had to sit at the bar. Just a little advice for the business owner... YOU had two paying customers who would've spent at least $ 150.00 or so in your place... cash... we were looking to get the whole nine yards from drinks to desserts but you lost out and who knows if the reservations showed up or not.  We are business owners and there is no way that if this was my restaurant I would let paying customers walk out. Really really bad on your part.	0
Extraordinarily underwhelming.  The cocktail menu was trying a bit too hard, and they didn't have the rye that was featured in a few of their choices.  Oysters were good. But the lamb shoulder and the seared fish that we had were very "meh" for the pricetag, and I felt that I could have cooked both better myself.  The lamb needed salt, and there was none on the table.  Every time we got some food delivered, a food runner would bring our food, and we would be mid-almost-to-the-first-bite, and our waiter would come back and say, "Enjoyyyyy" in a weird, kind of creepy, and insincere manner that I thought was just awful.  The manager also came up to us mid meal and asked, "Are you ok?" with a smile, which I found awkward.   I think this restaurant is really great for people who want predictable flavors paired with lots of attention from the waitstaff, who don't mind headlights from the car rental place across the street shining into their eyes.  Oysters, two glasses of wine, two bourbon drinks, two entrees: $155	0
Here for a birthday party- called ahead and said we had a group. No space was saved for us and I ordered a shot for the birthday guy and it was $17!!!!! Ridiculously overpriced cocktails, douchey atmosphere.	0
This place is pretty darn inconsistent. The restaurant itself looks gorgeous, but once you sit down, your experience will be a bit rocky here and there. Food: Be careful about what you order. The bread that they bring in? NOT complimentary like other restaurants. They don't tell you a thing, they just bring it over, and set it on the table for you, and will bring more if you finish a loaf. But it's four bucks per loaf. The food itself is -- like I said earlier -- inconsistent. Some dishes are good(such as the calamari, and the snapper), but other dishes are way too salty or glaringly a rip-off( the duck, and the market cobbler, which tastes like canned fruit). Simply put, it ranges from delicious to disgusting. Service: Sure, the waiters are attentive, but anyone else that is a part of management will REFUSE to do anything for you other than give you refills and take away your plates. They will not help you place an additional order, they will not help you order a refill of coffee, and will even give you an incredulous look or rude glare if you attempt to request anything. I'm not quite sure why my experience was so wildly different from these other reviews, but I definitely will not come back again after that disappointing(and pricey) meal. Hopefully improvements will be made and others will have a better time.	0
Meh~ Good for tourists maybe...? Food was SALTY. Why is  Grilled Grass Fed Rib Eye served in pieces? Don't you know that causes steak to overcook? Maybe Print thought we didn't know how to use steak knives.  Also the server kept calling us ladies "ma'am' billion times. Odd since he didn't call our men "sir".  I don't know about my friends, but I left Print feeling like a very thirsty geriatric on walkers. Too bad we didn't go to 44X restaurant instead. P.S. Stay away from Print hot chocolate. Might as well be a warm Yoo-hoo.	0
We made a reservation for 10:45 on Open Table (the first opening after 10:00). Get there at 10:30. Our server greets us as if we've just sat down at a diner and rushes to take our order, saying that the kitchen closes at 10:45...??? There was one nice server that offered to help when we were clearly flustered, but ours was completely rude and unprofessional -- it's a shame because the food was amazing. It ruined our entire experience.	0
Wow yelp has never let me down more. 4 stars is what's called yelp inflation. My only guess is these reviews are from out of towners from Podunk.  First of all I was disappointed to learn this place is inside a hotel. I rarely find food gems inside hotels and even though my gut told me to run, my friend and I stayed for breakfast.  There was zero ambiance. We made a reservation although clearly we didn't need one since there were two other people in the restaurant on a Saturday at 11:30.  My friend ordered the egg sandwich and asked for egg whites. The server didn't mention there was an additional charge nor was there mention of that on the menu which I didn't like. My friend thought the sandwich was dry and it looked quite boring. I ordered eggs which came with potatoes that were inedible. I ordered a side of fruit that was tiny and cost $7. The bread basket came with slices of wheat bread with olives. We ordered two overpriced mimosas. Overall our breakfast cost nearly $100 and it was an expensive and massive disappointment.	0
Quick: Food great, but Service will ruin your experience. I haven't reviewed something in years, but I've been compelled to write this post.  Let me tell you, I've eaten here 10+ times since the establish has opened. I live in the neighborhood, and even know some of the waitresses by name.  I am a late 20's something, and appreciate good food every now and then for special occasions.   The Details are as follows:  Last week my friend and I came here to share some plates.  I raved about how fantastic the food was, the food is simply amazing -its true.  Prepared effortlessly and probably the reason I would ever go back. However, as mentioned in a few posts there is a male French Maitre'd/Manager that is employed at Print who gave us the most upsetting experience.  How is his rudeness accepted there?  He repeatedly gave us dirty looks as we sat at the bar, and shook his head and walked away from us.  We had just spent $$$x2, and our delightful experience was completely ruined by this employee.  I keep asking myself if I will return :(	0
Despite the fact that I have had various positive experiences with Kimpton hotels, my recent stat on August 29th, caused me to be incredibly dissatisfied with the service of your hotel--so much so that I checked out early. While having a drink at the bar on Friday the 31st around 5:30 PM, a  French Maître-de admonished my husband in a very rude tone, about the way he    was sitting in his chair. He completely ruined the relaxing moment we were trying to achieve on one of our precious few vacation days.  The bar tender himself was quite friendly, and obviously embarrassed by the way this other man behaved. But the impression of your establishment completely changed after that moment.  I am particularly unhappy about how the maître-de spoke to us. He changed the whole tone of our stay. We had to literally "let it go" and change venues.  Like many Americans, our vacation days re precious and rare. I realize you are only a 4 star hotel, so I do not expect the level of service I'd get at other, more luxurious establishments. But frankly, I do expect to be treated with respect at all time and to never be condescended to.    The service at Print has never been good, as I have stayed at this hotel three or four times. We have always "let it go" in the past.  But this incident really changed the entire tone of our stay and cemented our final opinion of your establishment.   I am absolutely disgusted by the way we were treated and I will be writing on Trip Advisor Open Table, Yelp and anywhere else I can, to encourage tourists to stay and eat elsewhere.	0
Don't get ripped off at breakfast!  This was my 3rd trip where I stayed at Ink48 hotel and had breakfast at Print.  I just noticed that they add 18% gratuity automatically to your bill, even if you're solo, as I was.  So I've double tipped every breakfast I've had there.  The only reason to do this is to rip off those that don't inspect the check well.  I've been traveling for 30 years - I've never seen this before, and I'm not going back.	0
Service was bad here. I made reservations for 8pm for a table of 3, did not get seated until a little pass 8:30pm. We waited in the lounge area and a waitress took our drink orders, which also took forever to come out even though there was no one at the bar. It came out right before our table was ready. So we had to carry our full drinks and walk slowly to our table. No one offered to carry our drinks in...even though staff was just standing around. The food was unmemorable. I got the Pan Roasted Halibut. My friends got Grilled Red Snapper and some pasta dish that I can't remember. The place was very loud, couldn't hear any of my friends, even though they sat right across from me.  Overall, I don't think place is worthy to be on the Michelin list. I also think service in the hotel (Hotel Ink) is bad over all. See my review for Press Lounge.	0
Disinterested unhelpful servers, poor food preparation, and way overpriced (an 8oz Diet Coke for $6).  Stay away from this place.   Our brunch was simple, 2 poached eggs with vegetables, and yogurt with fruit - but they were awful.  The poached eggs were served in a bowl over steamed vegetables that were undrained, leaving a bowl of water under the eggs for the yolk to drain into, ruining the taste.  I doubt the fruit and vegetables were fresh.   The design of the restaurant is beautiful.	0
2.5 for brunch.  The atmosphere and service were nice.  The food ok.  The price - too high.  $9 for a french press coffee...ridiculous even for a hotel restaurant. Also, who else charges $8 for a side of bacon?  c'mon guys, if you want to get more people over to this side of town outside the tourists staying at the hotel, you'll need to be a bit more reasonable.  Your food isn't bad, either - it's just not ok to charge $17 for a fritatta.	0
the service is bad...	0
I can not comment on the quality of their food as I was turned away without service.  As a guest at the adjacent hotel, Ink48, I came to the bar in search of a beer.  The seats at the bar were full.  I attracted the attention of the bartender and asked if I could order a beer and was told "unless you have a seat at my bar, don't speak to me.  There are girls in the restaurant who you can talk to" at which point he turned his back and refused to acknowledge me.  Perhaps I wasn't "dressed" trendy enough to garner his attention.  Needless to say - I called room service instead.  Jerks like that  should not be tolerated in a service industry.	0
So I went here with my friends. The ambiance and waitstaff is 5 stars, everyone from the front of the house to waiters was wonderful. the restaurant itself was beautiful. However the food. Overpriced and underwhelming. For appetizer I had the gnochi really nothing special and all one note.  I had the vegetarian option which literally was sloppily placed quinoa a slice of cauliflower 2 green onions grilled, 2 carrots roasted and pine nuts. I can't believe that I paid $27 for this entree, I could have made it at home and with better seasoning. My sister had the sea bass, again underwhelmed. My friends were also disappointed with their food.  maybe just have drinks here to see how pretty it is, but don't come for the food :(.	0
The weirdest dining experience ever...  The service was not bad, just...weird. Our server was not fluent in English and the two bus boys carried 7 entrees total was playing musical chair with our food-  discussing who ordered what in a foreign language while serving us the wrong plates and then taking them away, and finally figured out who gets what with our server's help.  I had the braised short ribs. It was overcooked and a little dry. My friend's salmon and duck breasts were delicious though.  Weak drinks, pricy, and noisy. The most memorable thing that night was the warm corn bread. Don't think I will return again.	0
Very disappointed with our meal here. The Burger was $19 which would be ok if it knocked our socks off. It came out very dry, definitely overcooked. One noticeable thing was the lack of fat in the meat, we really should have sent it back. Don't waste your money on the burger here.  I ordered the "crispy" duck over kale and farro. The farro was excellent and was the star of the dish, not the duck. The duck was the furthest thing from "crispy" and the layer of fat under the skin had not been rendered off properly, it was also very poorly seasoned. It was however a good quality duck breast, just very poorly executed. Duck breast should be well seasoned with salt and pepper, skin side down in a cold pan, bring up the heat to medium and let the fat render off the skin, pour off excess fat and allow the duck to cook through 75% of the way on the skin, then flip over and finish meat side down for a minute or so. This gives a properly cooked duck breast with a nice crisp skin, not a soggy skin advertised as "crisp." The breast was bland, our waiter had told us it was one of their most popular dishes. The Chocolate Bread pudding was unimpressive, a warm oval chocolate muffin that was cooked well and was moist, the flavor was decent. The roasted peanut ice cream that accompanied the bread pudding was excellent, but the thin slice of crispy bread acting as a garnish was comical. The capper to the evening was getting charged $24 for 4 glasses of club soda with a splash of cran. At $6 each it became a matter of principle, now it was time to complain! The waiter indicated he thought it was crazy too, saying they gave us bottled soda water (we did not ask for bottled), he removed $12 from the bill. We are in the food industry and have moderate expectations. We thought we were in good hands as they mention their Executive Chef had consulted for the infamous ChefsThomas Keller and Alice Waters. Are we missing something???? Not sure I understand the reviews here	0
False advertising brings people in for a rooftop view of the city and good food but fails to mention that the rooftop is only open on Saturday and Sunday nights.  Manhattan has many equally good restaurants that are better located when you are not seeking a beautiful view.  After arriving for our Sunday brunch, our family group of 10 was told the rooftop was closed and an effort would be made to take us up after our meal.  No effort was made and we never saw the view which is widely used in their advertising.  They say they will change their ads.  Let's see.	0
I wanted to like Print, but the dishes were too oversalted for me to really taste anything on my plate. Appetizers: Polenta with sauteed mushrooms, shaved Parmesan, truffle butter, veal jus - The polenta was watery, and it was really difficult for me to get any flavor from the dish except salt and truffle oil.   Ricotta ravioli, tomato, pea shoots, Parmesan - The texture of the pasta was pretty good, but the filling itself was overwhelming.  Overall, the dish was unmemorable. Main Courses: Crispy duck breast, kale, turnips, kohlrabi, wild huckleberry-ginger sauce - The duck was tough and chewy.  The kohlrabi was very, very salty.  The huckleberry sauce provided a nice sweetness to the dish but could not make up for the over-seasoned vegetables. Seared red snapper, endive marmellata, sauteed escarole, cranberry vinaigrette - The fish was nicely cooked, but I could not get past the puree on the plate.  It was so overseasoned that I was forced to leave most of my plate unfinished. Desserts: Trio of sorbets and ice creams - We had the apple cider sorbet, pumpkin ice cream, and cheesecake ice cream.  The ice cream "scoops" were more like slabs that were quite messily added to the bowl.  The apple cider sorbet was too sweet, and the pumpkin and cheesecake ice cream were unremarkable.  The cheesecake ice cream in particular had an off aftertaste, and the texture was not very smooth. Hot chocolate with marshmallows - The hot chocolate was pretty watered down.  The marshmallows, though, were very good and were probably the best part of the whole meal.  But I was certainly hoping for more than good marshmallows. Drink:  Homemade ginger ale - The ginger ale did not have the potent ginger taste I expect from a nice ginger ale.  It was a bit on the sweet side. The service was very friendly and honest, helping us decide which dishes to order.  But the food was below par and not worth the trip.	0
I am shocked at all of the 4 and 5 star reviews here, Print was a huge let down.  First of all, Print is a hotel restaurant (in the Kimpton hotel) which I didn't know until I got there.  Turn off.  The food is really mediocre and the prices are outrageous for what you get.   I have no problem spending $16 on an appetizer, but it better have flavor.  To start we got the gnocchi appetizer- the portion was TINY and it literally had no flavor at all.  It was bland vegetables and a few gnocchi with parmesan sprinkled on top.  Really dissapointing.  We also shared the tuna tartare which was fine but again very simple and no flavor at all, just a pile of chopped raw tuna with sliced cucumbers around it.  For dinner my boyfriend got the duck which was incredibly fatty and charred on the outside.  I had the pappardelle which again had no flavor at all, it was just plain pasta with mushrooms, duck confit pieces, and parmesan (no sauce).  Not only was the food dissapointing, the service was horrible.  Our waiter never once checked in on us after taking our order to see how we were enjoying our meal.  He also never asked if we wanted more wine, he just cleared our empty wine glasses which I thought was absurd.  Our meal at Print cost more than our meal at Blue Hill, which was beyond frustrating considering we left the meal feeling dissapointed and totally ripped off.  Would never return.	0
Extravagant prices, so-so food, eatable but not delightful. Service well meaning but crude. Presentation leaves many aesthetic principles behind. Roof top view wasted with slow service &amp; demand to retain credit card when ordering.	0
Honestly I didn't even stay.  This place is at the Kimpton Ink48 Hotel, and you're gonna pay hotel prices.  I ordered a coffee and was asked if I wanted the large "pod" for $9 or a single regular cup of American coffee for $5.  I left and went to Market Diner down the street where my whole brunch with coffee cost a grand total of $9.	0
$29 for a porkchop, no side dishes. If I'm paying $30 for an entree then at least throw in some $0.69/lb potatoes on the side to at least fill me up please. $28 for 5 inch-sized cubes of skirt steak that didn't taste any better than my own backyard bbq $27 for 5 tiny slabs of duck $15 for miniscule sized salad with prosciutto and peaches. $17 for a flavorless, bland libation Throw in some cunning decor that's cleverly set to dupe you into thinking you're getting your money's worth. Add in a waitstaff that's more than 80% south of the border. Get a bill that's enough to make even the Greecian government gasp at the debt owed.  Clearly, I am not impressed. Really, I get it, some people like their fancy shmancy dinners but I am not fooled for a nano second. This hotel restaurant really does not make the cut in outstanding food OR superb service. Bring your designer-logoed purse elsewhere or come with an expense account. Oh, one last thing. It was my friend's birthday and she specifically chose Print for the upstairs rooftop bar. Too bad that they already rented out the entire bar to some corporate fatcat and neglected to inform her that we would not be able to enjoy some light libations upstairs until 2AM. Print, you FAIL.	0
I wish I could put a 5 star rating this restaurant is beautiful and the food is amazing.  My experience was ruined by the terrible service we received . Our waiter ignored us. It seemed like we were an after thought and it really is a shame.	0
Sorry, I don't understand the fuss about this place.  The decor is great and the hostess couldn't be sweeter, but everything ends there. First, service is ridiculously slow. Seriously, it took our waiter about 10 minutes just to bring us a menu and most of the restaurant was empty the night we went.  There are tons of people standing around and doing nothing though; when we asked one for a menu, he said our waiter will be right with us. As for the food, it's OK. Nothing fascinating.  Rather on the boring side actually. We had a great salad to start, very fresh with blood oranges, figs (or dates?), and nuts.  But you don't run to a restaurant for the salad. I had fish for the entree.  Really really boring. Couldn't have been a more dull entree. I think it was cooked with butter and salt and that's it. My husband had the fettucini.  Way too creamy. We didn't even bother taking the leftovers home. We wanted to have the homemade ice-ceam for dessert but the only flavors they had were blood orange, chocolate and vanilla (really?? chocolate and vanilla??). In the end, it was just too expensive for an otherwise unmemorable, boring meal. The drinks were great though. I'd return and sit at the lounge/bar and have a cocktail, but would skip dinner.  I think it's probably great for tourists staying in the hotel, but for most New Yorkers, the food isn't special.	0
Okay...so I will admit that I only ate one meal here, breakfast, but I do feel the need to write a little something. While the meal was tasty, I found it to be unbelievably overpriced (and this is coming from someone who has no problem spending upwards of $100 on a great meal). I understand that the produce/meats/dairy are locally sourced, but that still does not justify the $17 it costs to add some bacon onto your meal (yes, $17, and yes, you only receive 4 slices of bacon). I have had equally excellent meals at other restaurants that source locally, at half the price.  Their dinner menu looks decent, but in an area like Hell's Kitchen, it's worth venturing out and exploring the surrounding area for some tastier choices.	0
For 9 bucks at a food cart i expected it to be at least significantly better than chicken/rice, but unfortunately it was nowhere near it. I ordered the ribeye over rice. The vinaigrette was way overly used on my salad and they also put way too much tzatziki sauce (so quickly I couldnt even say stop). Since it was all mixed in there I decided not to ask them to take some out. Ribeye was cooked medium well, thats quite unflavorful and I could basically only taste the beef texture + tzatiki sauce which was very unfortunate. Mix that in with overly dressed salad and you have yourself a very weird and foul tasting combo.	0
Whoa, this guy is amazing!!! First, they place chicken on a grill and cook it.  Then they slice it...with a knife.  Then, they take this silver metal thing that looks like a spoon and use it to scoop rice into your takeout container.  Oh, it is a spoon!!!  But wait, there's more!!!  A leafy green salad with some tomato &amp; onion goes in as well!!  Then, that cooked chicken I mentioned earlier...it goes on top of the rice.  They turn to you and ask what you want on it, meaning what sauces, and they put the sauce you ask for onto the chicken and rice!!!!!!!!  And of course some dressing for the salad too! The best part is when you eat it.  Get this...it tastes like chicken over rice! And let me not forget to mention you waited in line 15-20 minutes for this, there's no menu, and they get annoyed if you don't know what you want right away!! If you only eat at one place in New York City in your entire life, this 5 star establishment absolutely has to be the place to go.  Otherwise you're a loser.	0
Let me start off by saying i'm not the biggest chicken fan.  When i get street meat i either get a combo or just gyro, but lately it's been just gyro. I went with the chicken platter here as everyone suggested, with dressing, hot and white sauce.  The platter looks big, but the salad takes up half the dish and there's a ton of rice. The chicken is cut into about 7 huge chunks, too big to fit in your mouth.  The pieces are juicy, but the chicken isn't really seasoned at all.  The rice they use here isn't my favorite.  It's very similar to the greek truck rice, i just prefer the rice from the halal guys more.  the tzaziki sauce here is actually tzatziki unlike the halal carts, but i still l prefer the ranch/mayo concoction they use at those carts to actual tzatziki.  You might as well skip the hot sauce, it isn't hot at all.  I'm between 2 and 3 stars for this mainly because of the price.  I can pay less money at basically every other cart and get more food, and since 2 stars for me means i wouldn't go back, i think i'm gonna have to go with 2.  maybe for this part of the city this place is great, but for me it's a 10 block walk, and i much rather walk 2 blocks to either the greek truck or famous halal guys.	0
After hearing all the hype about Uncle G's while costume-shopping at Ricky's (productive lunch hours, FTW!), I trudged on over to give it a go. Maybe it was an off day, but I have to say I was a little underwhelmed. Three stars docked, each for three different (albeit semi-related) reasons: 1. I ordered a Soulvaki rice platter with the works... and got the wrong meat 2. I asked (and paid for) pita on the side... but didn't get any 3. General disappointment that Uncle Gussy's didn't meet the expectations set for me by others. On the plus side, Yelpers weren't lying about the lightning-quick service. Uncle Gussy's is a well-oiled machine, and the efficiency of the guys in the truck amaze me! While I don't doubt that it has every potential to be a strong contender in the street meat truck competition, it will have to take a second trip (and an updated review) to prove my initial 2-star rating wrong. Please make me eat my words -- it seems like I'm missing out on something great! #FOMO	0
It would have been tasty but they put spicy sauce all over my gyro when I said ONLY tzaziki! I'm one of the few weird people in the world who just doesn't like spicy food so I didn't enjoy my lunch AT ALL. Plus the side of grape leaves I ordered were tough, not easy to bite through. Extremely fast service but they need to focus more on getting the order right, sorry Uncle Gussy	0
Today was my first time having Uncle Gussy's and I am a little disappointed. The food isn't terrible but it isn't as good as I had anticipated.  I ordered the lamb platter and asked for feta cheese (which I paid extra for) and when I got back to my office there was no feta cheese to be found. (Must of jumped off the plate while walking back to the office.)  I also think the lamb and rice were very salty. Which is very odd for me to say because I enjoy my food on the salty side.  I've definitely experienced better...	0
This truck is over-rated. First the pros: the meat is well cooked. Nice big chunks of chicken but a bit in the dry side. Cons: their famous tzatziki sauce that separates them from every other halal cart in the city is way too garlicky for my taste.  I'd much rather have gotten the white sauce honestly. Without good sauce you end up with half dry chicken. There are better carts out there with much shorter lines.	0
I got the chicken over rice platter and made sure there were a ton of tzatziki and hot sauce. That still did not help it taste any better. I've tried this food truck twice and it's pretty bland. I understand this is Greek style but it didn't give me any satisfaction. WHY WOULD ANYONE CHOOSE THIS FOOD TRUCK OVER THE HALAL GUYS ON 53RD AND 6TH?!	0
Went back the other day to give them another chance. This time ordered a greek salad (horiatiki) w/ chicken souvlaki, pita, and tzatziki so they couldn't [hopefully accidentally] pollute the meal with hotsauce as they did last time. Salad - just a normal lettuce salad with a couple olives and a few small pieces of feta.  Low quality ingredients.  Not a greek salad (hints- lose the lettuce, change the dressing to just olive oil, salt, oregano, increase the tomato and cucumber factor, add more good, larger feta, insert a couple capers, make everything fresher, and leave out the thick black hair I found in mine). Chicken "souvlaki"- Garbage.  It tastes like the same chicken they make at all the other halal foodcarts in nyc, but nothing like souvlaki. Pita - had an off taste (like it was slightly bad then they microwaved it) and wrong consistency (too hard, not fluffy)). Tzatziki- closest part of lunch to actual greek food.  It was basically just sour cream and garlic powder.  No dill or cucumber to be seen Summary: If this place just billed itself as a normal food truck, I'd be fine with that (though still can find better quality and tasting food elsewhere).  But they pretend to be serving authentic greek food and that ain't so.	0
I love checking out new street carts that I haven't been to. I've already checked out the Indian cart run by the two ladies (53nd &amp; Park Ave.) and Rafiqi's (52nd and Park Ave.), so I walked a block further with a coworker to see another cart making a low humdrum sound from the generator running underneath. There was a small line, so we decided to jump on and give this cart a shot which was run by two guys (a cook who looked slightly aloof/bored with his white earphones on and the charismatic guy who cheerfully said hello to everyone and took their orders). It took about a minute per customer, and I was up to the front in no time. I stuck with the usual, chicken and lamb over rice with salad and sliced tomatoes, and also requested some sauteed onions along with white sauce and hot sauce. I noticed that the chicken was sitting in a huge pile on one side of the grill as well as the gyro meat. As the cook was preparing my meal, I noticed that he thought he put too much chicken and lamb in my platter and proceeded to take some out with the tongs until he was content with the proportions. I also noticed that he did the same with the several customers in front of me, but I disregarded his nit-pickiness. I was glad to hear that they were still only charging $5, where many other carts have already been bumping up their prices to $6 or more due to inflation and the rise in price of goods. I took my platter to the adjacent 2' stone ledge situated right in front of the Blackstone building. I pulled out the styrofoam container out of the brown paper bag and it felt lighter than usual. When I opened it up, I also noticed that the portions were slightly smaller than the usual halal food cart, ranging from the small-portioned rice, to the lamb, to the chicken. The white sauce looked a little thicker and slightly chunky than the usual white sauce, and the hot sauce was very thin in consistency. I took a couple bites hoping for some delish food. The salad felt slightly old, losing its crispness. The chicken was tender but a bit bland, and the lamb was tasty but slightly hard (probably because they had pre-sliced the lamb off the doner-kebab and let it sit on the grill for a while). I like for my lamb to be sliced right off the doner-kebab and thrown on the grill to cook and sear it a bit. The yellow rice was pretty plain tasting and nothing to rave about. The white sauce helped bring out some of the flavor, it almost tasted a little bit like mayo and tasted of herbs. The hot sauce only added a slight kick to it, and I was wishing I put more on to bring some more flavor to the platter. I also found that all the food was only moderately warm to room temperature, which was a slight disappointment. In all, I was glad they have not inflated their prices, but instead I got smaller portions and food that was only slightly warm and lacked in some real flavors.	0
I only had the Patacon.  I think they are fundamentally flawed as a sandwich.  all the elements are fine but it makes for a very very dry sandwich. are the arepas and pepitos good?	0
I had the vegetarian patacone. Bland and uninspiring. Plantains are pretty flavorless and I had to sauce the thing up pretty heavily to give it any kick but what's the point? Shouldn't the food speak for itself without saucy assistance?	0
It has been an hour and a half since I ordered and no food. When I called I was told it wasn't their fault because they were busy. Unacceptable.	0
Got there on a rainy night with horrible thunderstorms. It was a hot as could be. They would not close the front or door. It was a hot as an oven. I asked for the air-conditioner to be turned on. He said that the couple by the front wanted it open. Why should it be like an oven on the hottest and rainest day of the summer. Let the owner and the fools who go there do that.	0
Awful delivery service.  Nasty arrogant rude.  Maybe the foods okay but these people dont have their act together when it comes to delivery service.	0
Went in to buy 1/4 lb. of pancetta.  I asked for less than 1/4, but was told that 1/4 lb. was the minimum.. OK with me.  The whole process took about 10 minutes.  When I got home I weighed the pancetta and found it was 3 1/4 oz instead of 4.  The heavy wax paper used to wrap the pancetta weighed the other 3/4 oz.  Shouldn't there be some kind of compensation on the scale to make up for this shortage of product?  I must say, the pancetta was delicious!	0
My wife and I ordered the Pasitano and the Via Carmine "Panini" sandwiches.  Both were dry with stale bread.  This has to be the most overrated place I've ever seen.  Maybe we ordered the wrong things but this was no good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
Four people. $600. Four people still hungry after spending $100 per person on food and $200 on a bottle of wine. Owners? Probably in the back of the place counting their loot from cheating people with tiny, small servings and charging a king's ransom! The staff was good, the food just OK, and the coffee bad. Stop by McDonalds on the way home if you want to feel a full stomach!	0
You know what usually sucks? Chain restaurants, even the fancy ones. Not always (some of the Blue Ribbons are notable exceptions) but when you can go to a restaurant under the same umbrella in Vegas, that's almost always a very bad sign.  I used to live around the corner and although I usually give neighborhood restaurants at least three tries before signing off of them, I went here ONCE and was done. The menu is uninteresting and the food is poorly prepared and not that high quality. And the service? Ha. Ahahaha. MAN. I was feeling gracious that night so I didn't penalty tip but this is the only upscale restaurant I've ever been to wherein the adjective that leaps to mind to describe the service is "fratboyish". Yeah. Do not bother. If you are in the nabe and want steak, go to the old classic Old Homestead by walking straight through Chelsea Market and out the other end instead.	0
Note: This review was originally written after the Summer 2012 Restaurant Week season. It was incorrectly tagged to the C&amp;S Dining Room, and thus was posted for the C&amp;S Tap Room. -- As an avid fan of Top Chef, I jumped at the opportunity to dine at one of Tom Colicchio's restaurants during my first Restaurant Week in NYC. The restaurant is located directly behind Chelsea Market on 10th Avenue and 15th St. It's impossible to miss, and upon entering, I was very impressed with the layout and decor of the room; it's very modern yet elegant, with high ceilings, plenty of windows, and well spaced, especially for NYC. I was seated with the rest of my friends and the four of us were presented with Restaurant Week menus. For better or for worse, Colicchio and Sons gives you plenty of options to choose from for each of the three courses. Having studied decision processes and the Paradox of Choice, I'm inclined to say that this may have been more of a detriment than a benefit. Perhaps my selections were not the best choices for the night or perhaps the restaurant suffers from the typical effects of Restaurant Week - over-demand and lowered quality. First and foremost, I have to touch on the service. We were initially taken care of quite promptly as we had an earlier reservation. However, as the Tap Room filled up and more and more tables became filled, the timing between our courses grew longer and longer, glasses became filled with water less and less frequently, and we were more easily overlooked. We also had to wait at least 15 minutes for someone to pause by our table to pick up the bill - something that should have taken them less than 5. On a similar note, the food also became less impressive as the night went on. For my appetizer, I had selected the Boudin Noir, which was a cut of blood sausage with a poached egg on top. Despite the small portion, this was quite a satisfying appetizer to eat. The egg was cooked to that perfect consistency where the egg yolk oozed out at the cut of the knife and created a pseudo-sauce for the sausage. There were also a few greens at the bottom of the dish with a light drizzle of dressing to help balance out the richness and it was, in my opinion, a very successful dish. The Ricotta Cavatelli was next and even at first glance, was rather disappointing. It was a pretty small portion, and one that I would have mistaken for an appetizer plate. The pasta itself looked rather lackluster as it was simply cavatelli in a vodka sauce, with a few slices of mushroom and a sprinkling of cheese on top. The dish had a good flavor and was well-seasoned, the cavatelli was chewy and the eggplant well-cooked, but was monotonous in flavor, especially as it lacked any protein or vegetable. Dessert was also lackluster. I had selected the Zeppole, and this dish was literally a small scoop of melting vanilla ice cream, a few tablespoons of fudge, and three munchkin-sized donuts. The presentation was also lacking, in addition to the taste and quality of the dessert. So, I don't know Colicchio. Did I just choose the wrong things? Or was it because of Restaurant Week? I was expecting more from a place that has such a high rating on Yelp and is overseen by such an acclaimed chef. Perhaps I'll give this place another try at some point in the future, but I wouldn't recommend visiting for a Restaurant Week meal.	0
I entered the restaurant and the host was talking with the kitchen staff, not at his post.  I waited for a couple of minutes then ended up wandering around myself to try and find my friends.  Non of the staff stopped to offer any assistance. I ordered the Prosciutto, Mustard Greens, Tomato Ragout and Fried Egg at $18.  When it came it was tiny, served on a small cut out piece of toast (i'm gluten free - there was no mention of the bread in the description!).  Once I removed it I was left with one small egg, a tiny amount of collard greens and a small piece of Prosciutto.  I was really hungry post eating and had to go somewhere else for some soup! The Bloody Mary was also hugely overpowered by horseradish and there was no celery / garnish to speak of.  Definitely won't return  - was very disappointed.  Not good service nor value for money.	0
Overpriced and underwhelming. tom your feed and drinks at other places much better. Very limited menu, food ok, long ticket times. Skip it better places in the neighborhood	0
This place didn't live up to the hype. I guess I was expecting much more  from a celebrity chef but some of the food just wasn't good. The apps were decent but the entrees fell short.	0
You've got to be kidding me.  Pretentious, inedible menu.  Ridiculous sauce-covered dogshit at $200/plate prices.  Stay away.	0
SO disappointing!   This was my second visit.  The first, though not memorable, was nice enough, and since it was in a convenient location for out of town guests, I thought a return visit would be  fine; I honestly regret the choice! First of all, the service was poor.  I had to take my father's coat at the table and seek out someone to check it.  Our table was repeatedly interrupted mid-sentence for inane questions/comments from waitstaff.  Two  of our dishes were served to the wrong person at the table, which is unimpressive at a five-top.   In terms of the table, we were seated two on one side, three on the other.  I couldn't hear or see one member of my party because of the table setup.  The music was so loud that it inhibited conversation considerably-and I'm young (and love the velvet underground and the clash!).  I don't know how the older members of the group managed at all.  When we left, I heard that someone had asked that it be turned down a little; it was not. Secondly, the food was not up to standards for a restaurant of this type.  I've been to other Colicchio restaurants, and there was clearly something wrong here in comparison.  My baked ricotta was nicely flavored but inedibly hot, which left me way behind everyone and slowing down the pace of our meal.  It was served with nothing to spread it on and also no spoon.  An embarrassing amount ended up on the table since  it was too flaky to be eaten with a fork.  My biggest disappointment, though, was the quinoa "risotto."  I was excited to try this hybrid of two of my favorite carby indulgences.  Instead of the creamy dish I anticipated, I got a wet plate of one-note quinoa, like the last helping of a grain salad with too much dressing, or a bowl of brothy grain.  I left lots on my plate, but no server asked if I was satisfied.  Obviously, I skipped dessert--why waste the money or calories?  People at my table enjoyed the pumpkin panna cotta, which they said was excellent, while I suffered through bitter and weak coffee. Tom, I expected better!  I won't be back.	0
I've sung the praises of this joint so many times as my go-to neighborhood place, it makes me really sad to say that I really can't recommend it anymore, based on a couple of recent visits. Why?  Simple.  2 significant changes: First of all, they've WAY jacked up the prices.  Used to be the kind of place my father would call "very reasonable."  Now with several apps @ $25 or so and mains above $30, not so much. Couple that with a pretty obvious downgrade in cuts and choice of ingredients and it isn't a winning formula.  (i.e. skate as the main seafood offering, and top sirloin as the steak.) Doesn't help when a chef (talking to a table next to us) says of a $45 chicken and black truffle special "Well, we don't use our best truffles for this, but it's still good." Also, their previously exemplary service seems to be sagging a bit.  Waitstaff on past 2 visits was strangely aloof.  And there always used to be a 'captain' running around picking up the slack (which was a nice touch, unexpected in a 'bar room'-type setting,) but they seem to have done away with that, too.	0
I brought some friends here on their last night visiting me in the city, based on the great reviews we had read on this place so we were expecting good things. However, it was not to be. The service was appalling - we had to wait for the table, despite having a reservation, and once we had sat down, it took another 20 minutes or so before we were even asked our drinks order and offered water. This carried on throughout the meal. The food was average at best, and definitely not worth the high prices.	0
Arrived at about 9 PM on a Monday. Place was about 75% empty.  Three of us just wanted drinks and asked to have one of the MANY empty tables in the tap room.  There were not three seats available together at the bar. Hostess said no.  We pointed out that it was highly unlikely that they would get busy at that point. She didn't seem to care.  Not surprising that the place is empty.	0
Although past meals here have been special, Thanksgiving dinner was an expensive disappointment. The normally attentive wait staff handled the four-course meal like it was assembly line work. Then again the food itself had an assembly line nature - far below the standard we had come to expect. My steak had the texture of cork. My wife barely touched her turkey as it too was dry, totally unremarkable, and diluted in an herb that overwhelmed the natural turkey flavor. Vegetables and sides were passable and minimal. Possibly the most disturbing element was the "Thanksgiving" music - a never ending loop of Vietnam era songs by the Doors, Rolling Stones, the Animals, Canned Heat, Joe Cocker, et al. All great stuff if you're having a pizza and a beer, but unexpected and inappropriate for a Thanksgiving meal that cost more than $200 per person with drinks. It was the wrong aural ingredient under any circumstance and particularly annoying when other senses were also being displeased. This meal wasn't just a slight miscue. For the price, it qualified as a true embarrassment.	0
Food 2.5 Service 2 Ambiance 3.5 O/all 2.5 Shocked by the high rating on Yelp.  During weekday lunches, only the Tap Room is opened. Key things to note: 1/ awesome non-alcoholic ginger 'beer' drink 2/ food was average (starter, main, dessert) which is unacceptable given the pedigree and pricing at this place 3/ service is a bit slow---had to ask for an extra menu, bread, drink menu, etc...despite our table being seated b/f everyone else. 4/ space is airy and well decorated	0
Not great, I like Craft better. Beers were trying too hard to be interesting, seating was rather uncomfortable and the food was not interesting at all (although it was filling). For me, its out of the way and not worth the trip, even if is relatively inexpensive for its category. On a side note, service wasn't bad, just annoying and not thoughtful, for instance waiters interrupting a conversation about wine selection to ask if we were ready to order a bottle of wine	0
This place was horrendously overpriced. Our waitress was so rude!!! I can't believe people line up for this crap. The food was subpar, the sausage was average and the service was atrocious :/	0
I dined at Cafe Sabarsky yesterday evening. The dining room resembles coffee houses in Berlin and Vienna with dark wood walls and antique sconces. I was expecting to be greeted by attentive and caring staff, and was surprised by the service I received- rude staff who neglected the patrons. The bread basket did not arrive promptly- even after I asked, water glasses were not refilled throughout the meal and the waiter disappeared halfway through the meal without letting us know he was doing so.  Now on to the food. I ordered the beef goulash entree and was shocked to find grizzle in my bowl, tough chunks of beef and flavorless spaetzle. I could not eat the dish. I then ordered the schnitzel which was quite tasty. The bread and butter was also very good. For dessert I ordered the apple strudel. It came with shlag (whipped cream) that was very rich. The strudel was authentic.  Back to the service. I had to wait at least 15 minutes for the strudel to arrive. I asked the new waitress where the dessert was and she explained that our initial waiter had neglected to let her know that we had ordered dessert. I approached the manager to discuss the poor service. He was unsympathetic and came up with excuses for the service I received. He suggested that I give them another chance and try the restaurant again. I will definitely not be doing so.	0
The one extra star because the beer was good, the vibe was very friendly, and the other food looked good.  Essentially, I did the classic "what do you recommend?" She recommended the goulash, which I didn't see on the menu. Alright, it sounded good. Turns out it was the chewy parts of meat in a too salty stew-like substance with a side of mushiness. Wasn't too pleasant. Also the only time I saw the waiter was when I ordered and... When I asked another waiter for the check. Turns out the "goulash" was $29 whereas most of the things on the menu looked to be around $10-20.  You win waiter. You got me to spend $40. Here's your tip	0
I've eaten here several times during my life in NYC - two nights ago being my 6th.  Last time I had been was a couple of years ago.  My uncle's favorite lunch spot in NYC, I had taken him here for his birthday.  Everything over the years was consistently good - the service impeccable and the food top notch like most of the reviews on here reveal, but two nights ago I couldn't help wonder if this was another one of those "used to be good" places that has fallen way down hill. The good - the place is still gorgeous and sexy.  You will feel transported to a classy spot in Europe where the servers are happy to just get you what you want and leave you alone for the rest of the night while you bask in the decor, people watch and smoke cigarettes.  Okay, I got carried away - no cigarettes in Cafe Sabarsky obviously, but you get the idea.  It has a sort of elegant soft silence about it too - it's a very pleasant place to eat. The bad - the food wasn't BAD per se, but it wasn't as good as I remembered, and therefore when we got the bill we felt absolutely duped.  There were four of us, and we had decided to share a bunch of plates.   We started with the Hungarian goulash which was delicious, but there were several chewy pieces of beef in there.   The spaetzle that came with it was a little too creamy for my tastes, and I had remembered more "stuff" being in it before - veggies, mushrooms, etc.   The beet salad was superb - definitely my favorite.  Something so simple and so well done - this made me look forward to our main dishes to come.   For mains we got the Bavarian sausage with warm pretzel and mustard, and the Bratwurst with riesling sauerkraut and roasted potatoes.  We also got a dish of spaetzel at my recommendation but I was a little worried after sampling it with the goulash during the appetizers.   The Bavarian sausage was great, but the pretzel tasted stale and was not exactly warm.  I honestly would have preferred a pretzel off the street from a dirty water dog cart. The Bratwurst was less good but still acceptable.  It just tasted a bit mushy compared to the Bavarian sausage, and the sauerkraut was also mushy with no hint of riesling to be had.  The roasted potatoes in this dish are god awful.  They remind me of the cheap ones you might get in a Holiday Inn buffet breakfast bar.  The Spaetzle was just wrong.  It tasted like a bowl of cream with noodles.  It needed salt and the veggies came from the freezer (with the exception of maybe the mushrooms).  I was embarrassed for having gone on and on about their spaetzle. Regardless, we were four friends eating in a cool spot, enjoying our beers and each other's company, so we opted for desserts to finish the whole thing off. The apple strudel tasted fine, but the texture was off - everything was soft and sort of limp.  The cheese cake was pretty good, actually - it''s made of quark cheese which is a lighter sort of yogurt cheese.  It's not your typical heavy and thick cheese cake.  The linzertorte I was not a fan of.  It tasted dry and a little stale with the exception of the jam on the top.  Worst of all, the "fresh" whipped cream that came with all the desserts tasted funny.  It wasn't exactly sour, but it didn't taste fresh at all, kind of stale as if it had been sitting around for a while. the ugly - the service was AWFUL.  I sat down to meet two of my friends before my husband joined us and the server came to deliver their drinks and just sped off without even acknowledging me or asking me if I wanted one.... I ended up having to flag him down.  He ended up bringing me the WRONG beer - how he got that wrong I have no idea.  He seemed a bit rushed, coming by to clear our plates the minute they looked mostly empty.  Twice he came by as we were still eating.  Keep in mind we were one of THREE tables there.  They were far from busy.  He seemed very nervous and lacking in confidence.  He  had the personality of a wet blanket.  We joked with him a couple of times about how our friend is old and needs decaf, and he said with no expression on his face "so one regular and one decaf?"  He was just a real downer about the whole experience. Bottom line, I think I'm over Cafe Sabarsky.  It reminded me of Tavern on the Green or even the Plaza's Palm Court where these placed became popular and the quality just went downhill while the prices went up.  It's somewhat of a tourist trap if you ask me, and I don't think I'll be returning.   Auf wiedersehen Cafe Sabarsky.	0
Horrible service. The waiters have limited knowledge of the menu, are avoiding you at all costs and are very rude in the manner they address you. Very disappointing. Limited menu offering is in my opinion OK, since the dishes were good. But again, the dishes are obscenely overpriced e.g., a cup of coffee is $7 and is not refilled. And its not good coffee.  It is a shane really, the architecture is amazing and ambience could have been good otherwise...	0
The service was very good and the food looked so pretty, I really wanted to like this place. However the crepes were soggy and unpleasnt and the $7 coffee tasted like gas station coffee.	0
One star for desserts. My strudel was undercooked - pieces of raw dough inside. My daughter's cake was so hard and stale she had to stab it with a fork to break it into pieces. I added a star for the view and the building.  Check out Klimt upstairs and go elsewhere for lunch.	0
Cafe Sabarsky inspired me to write this joke: 3 people walk into an UES cafe - 2 doctors and a financier, all ready and able to spend their hard earned money on a good meal. Each of normal physical size and therefore requiring an average amount of food to feel satiated. An hour later, the same three walk out, each having spent more than $100 on essentially nothing. The punchline: Where did they go from Cafe Sabarsky? McDonald's!!! Because they were all still hungry!! Ha ha ha. Actually, it wasn't very funny at the time and that's exactly what happened when we tried this ridiculous little cafe. To start, everything on the menu is totally expensive. Okay, we get it - we're familiar with the UES...par for the course. The problem w/ Cafe Sabarsky is that each menu item is smaller than the next. Seriously, if I'm going to spend $25 on an app. could it please be more than one bite? I don't get this place at all. It looks harmless...unassuming little cafe tucked into a busy section of the museum district. We weren't prepared for the type of dining experience they're serving up (i.e. the type in which you must spend $500 before you're actually full).  I've certainly dined in that fashion before (Moto, etc.) but at least I knew what I was getting myself into, in advance, each time. Cafe Sabarsky took us unawares and it will not happen again. I can't recommend this place unless you're looking for really, really small amounts of decent tasting food at really high prices. Oh, and the service was lackluster as well, but, don't forget to tip heavily for it.	0
Came here based on top reviews and pictures of the dessert.... and my cake craving. However, Cafe Sabarsky is definitely overrated. This is located in Neue Galerie museum on the first floor. I ordered the bavarian sausage (2 boiled sausages and a pretzel $16) with pretzel and sachertorte cake ($9). When I sat down I asked for a glass of hot water... who would of known they charged $1 for this! Aside from being pricey, the service was pretty rushed. Other reviews mentioned this too... not sure why the servers were so pushy. I sat down and immediately the server came and asked what I wanted to order... Dang can I at least look at the menu first? Then before even finishing dessert the bill was brought to my table as if to mention.. "Now it's time for you to leave." As for the food, the sausage was bland, luckily the pretzel was good. The dessert was not impressive especially for $9! It's suppose to have apricot confiture but there was no taste of that at all. In fact it was really bland. If you want to try good German food I rather recommend going to a Biergarten.	0
Nothing is more deceitful than the notion of an authentic Viennese coffee and hot chocolate (did I mention the "hot chocolate" was clearly not Viennese &amp; was made with hot water &amp; some sort of dried instant mix) so tawdry and cheap. Shame on you Neue Gallerie. The ambiance did little to excel in wonderment with a cheap chandelier and paper napkins, tepid hot chocolate and lastly (children cover your ears, ladies have your smelling salts at the ready)... An unpardonable presentation of the refreshments in... Plastic "glasses" with no handles. I deign to write this unfortunate experience and would not besmirch my lips to EVER refer anyone to this drab, overpriced, disappointment of a Viennese experience. Cheap cutlery, no table clothes, indifferent waiter, and paper Napkins to boot. Avoid this place. Refinement and ambiance are strangers. I found myself quite  préoccupé, and tried to carry myself away from this barbaric slaughterhouse in the guise of a Viennese cafe. And now my review is Fini	0
My family and I were excited to find a German café while on vacation in New York. We waited in line for 45 minutes to get seated - waste of time and money. The food was below average. The prices were high. Portions were small. The waitstaff was rather snooty. Being Polish and very fond of German food, I had much higher expectations for a place like this.	0
Use to love this place but what a horrible experience we had today. Got there on Sunday before 11. The hostess was so annoyed ( at everyone)  from the minute we walked in.  She said she could seat us but we had to vacate the table at 12:15. That didn't seem like a problem. However a waiter didn't come over with menus until 11:20! Then the hostess reappeared to remind us we had to be finished by 12:15, and we were too late for brunch/ breakfast and we still hadn't even ordered. By this time I'm already getting agita and losing my appetite. Okay the food comes, and it's good, but we are anything but relaxed. The waiter comes back and I order a coffee but he can't add /refill our guest's cup so we order a second cup and at 12:05(!!!- we r all checking out watches now) the miserable hostess comes back a THIRD TIME, to tell us, yet again, we have to leave. ( I thought we had at least until 12:15, ha). I have been coming here since it opened, for brunch, lunch and cabaret nights, but today was the last time.  You can do much better, ANYWHERE ELSE.	0
Food was delicious	0
I visited Cafe Sarbasky with two of my friends in possibly the stormiest day of the winter. The snow was falling horizontally and attacking my face for most of the day, so we weren't the happiest of people. When we entered the gallery we were greeted by two security guards- one friendly and normal, and the other a complete creep. The creep seemed rather perturbed by the snow on my coat and later, in typical creepy fashion  followed us to the restroom, which is just so rude. Like what am I going to do, steal your toilet paper in the heist of the century?  This was pretty annoying, and put me off this whole place. The desserts were overpriced and alright, but this is New York and you can find way better. I am giving it two stars only because it was really close to Central Park, and was a good place to take shelter when I needed it, but apart from that I don't think I will ever visit again. PS- Sarbasky management if you read this, I do not have his name, but please ask your security guard to be courteous of your patrons. He should also not wait for women outside of restrooms because that is very very weird.	0
During a stay in New York in December, I was looking forward to a meal at Café Sabarsky after several New York friends had recommended it. But unfortunately, the  breakfast I had there turned out to be a big disappointment and put a damper on the start of our first day of holiday vacation. Food was not prepared properly (for example, the eggs were not cooked as described on the menu) and some things did not come out at all (we were told they were out of some things that were listed on the menu--but told this after our food arrived and we inquired about it). It took about 30 minutes for us to get coffee after we ordered, despite the fact that the café was not that crowded; when it did arrive, it was underwhelming, a big surprise for a Viennese cafe.   As others mentioned, the service was also problematic. We had a hard time getting help when we needed it and some of the servers didn't communicate very well. That's forgivable, but what's not is the sarcastic attitude of one female server when we inquired about a food item that did not come out of the kitchen. The café itself is gorgeous and the Neue Galerie itself is worth a visit. For the menu prices, however, Café Sabarsky can do better and my experience there does make me inclined to visit Gutenbrunner's other restaurants.	0
Wow. Talk about nose in the air!  Server with judgmental attitude does not make for a pleasant lunch experience. My friends and I were coming from the Guggenheim and was looking for a place to eat on our way to the American Museum of Natural History.  After some yelping efforts, we came across this place. We were there on a Monday for an early lunch.  The restaurant was half full, the room was pretty dark, but the atmosphere was pretty stuffy.  This is definitely not a kid-friendly place.    Overall, the food was nothing special and overpriced.  While the apple strudel that yelpers were raving about was pretty good, it's not worth coming back for.	0
I see that I'm in the minority in giving Cafe Sabarsky a lower rating, but "Meh.  I've experienced better" is honest, based on my experiences dining here.  It's true that the upstairs restaurant is like a Viennese cafe, I just wish the food were on the same level as the decor!  Downstairs isn't much as far as the that goes - nice enough, but nothing special.  It has the same menu but the service was nowhere near as good as it usually is in the upstairs restaurant.  But there was a long wait for upstairs, and after about 20-30 mins with no movement of the line, we gave up and headed for the basement.   Basically, this cafe is uber expensive and more about the atmosphere than the food.  The upstairs restaurant is a very ornate room and feels almost like being in Europe.   I like that they have newspapers available for patrons to read.  But sadly, that's the best I can say about Cafe Sabarsky.  The food is fair to middling - and I would recommend the entrees over the desserts. Service is usually not great. Don't say I didn't warn you -- the hot chocolate is seriously overpriced at $7.50 for a tiny cup -- makes Starbucks seem like a major bargain!  Here, you'll be presented with about 3-4 ounces of hot chocolate (reminiscent of  a dixie cup)  and about 1/3 is whipped cream anyway.  (See photos but  for scale, note that the spoon is tiny.)  With tax and tip, it comes to $10 for a few sips, and I didn't think it tasted any better than the hot chocolate you can get anywhere else.  Not the rich, deep hot chocolate that you'd expect.   And the price is exhorbitant, even by NYC standards.  Over $100 for 4 hot chocolates, 4 slices of cake ($9 each, all a variety of chocolate, all very bland and not rich and chocolatey as one would expect), a coffee ($6, just regular coffee) and a wine.  The server, who was very slow although there were only one or two other tables, added a 20% tip to the bill.  I usually tip 20%, but not for that kind of service! Next time I will go to the cupcake stand in front of the Met - seriously, it is much tastier and costs 1/5 of what we shelled out for a disappointing experience at Cafe Sabarsky.  I may still come back for the beef stew or something like that, but not for a hot drink or dessert.	0
I was so disappointed by this place from the very beginning. The hostess was very rude when we arrived. There were tables available but she ignored us for about 10 minutes even though she saw us waiting and kept looking at us and then walking away. I politely went up to her and asked if we needed a reservation and she said they don't take reservations for lunch but that it would be a 45 minute wait. We waited 30 minutes and she finally took us to a table and I watched the whole time and the same tables that were available when we arrived were still empty when she seated us. I have to be honest I never saw such a rude hostess in my restaurant experience, and I have come across some unprofessional ones. Anyway when we were finally seated out server wasn't as bad as the hostess, however I wasn't impressed with the food. I have been to Vienna many times and the food at this place doesn't come close. The Wiener Schnitzel that I had was average at best. I tasted my fiancee's Goulash Soup and I didn't think that was so great either. The dessert was nothing to brag about. I had the Apple Strudel and I didn't enjoy it at all. I didn't enjoy my experience here at all and I would never recommend it. It is very overpriced and I felt uncomfortable the whole time I was there. I really think for some reason they didn't want to serve us and she thought that by making us wait we would leave, we should have.	0
I can't believe all the 5 star reviews this place has. I was so excited to try this place out after the great experience I had in the museum and I  was so disappointed with the treatment I received. I  came here on a Friday afternoon a few months ago and right from the start I knew this place was horrible. The girl at the door was completely condescending. She told us we had to wait and I had no problem with that. There was no place to sit and wait because a few people were sitting already so we stood outside the door to wait and she came up to us with a smirk and told us that we would have to leave because we couldn't stand there for security reasons. I never in my life heard something so ridiculous.  We were humiliated and we decided to leave. I was in the neighborhood a few weeks ago and decided to try again. I must have been crazy. This time someone different was at the door and they were much nicer and we waited outside the entrance until there was a table (nobody told us this time we needed to step away from the door.) The food was so so. I wasn't thrilled with the dessert and I expected better. The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one was because the Goulash Soup was average.  I will never recommend this place or come here again. I find it hard to believe so many people had such a great experience at this snobfest.	0
The worst service in New York and the antithesis of the type of service you receive in Vienna. We went in on a Monday afternoon for a birthday lunch. We couldn't believe the maltreatment we received by the waitstaff. First, we were rushed to order our food, when we clearly stated that we needed time to look at the menu.  During our meal, we were asked if we were finished even though we had half of our food, and it was obvious that we were still eating. Three different wait staff members attempted to remove our plates when we already told them that we were not finished. The third time, our server, stated he just wanted to give us dessert menus - basically rushing us. He was extremely condescending and haughty. In the middle of our dessert, he wanted to take the plate away, again with no indication that we were finished. To end this "spectacular" service, our check was tossed to our table. As someone who is in the restaurant business, I always tip my server - however in this special case, I regret leaving a dime. While the food is good, the service really ruined it for us, and we will not return or recommend this establishment to anyone.	0
Worst Viennese restaurant in the world. Soggy Wiener schnitzel. Batter fried in oil tasting of fish. Meat,if it was veal,not pounded thin. Sachertorte insults Hotel Sacher. Mixed salad insipid. Coffee like dishwater.	0
I'm from San Francisco, and am used to pretty good food.  Came here for lunch while we were spending a day at the Met.  Terrible service -- had to wave and flag the server down for everything, and when he did come by, wasn't very helpful. Brats were good and the stew was pricey but pretty good as well.  Beet salad was good.  Nothing spectacular but good enough for a hungry crowd. The apple dessert and hazelnut tart were probably some of the worst desserts I've ever tasted.  Stale and just overall terrible -- tasted like something from Safeway that had been sitting out for a week. Ambiance is kinda intimate and nice, but there are so many better places to go in NYC.  Would not recommend.	0
Having read most of the Yelp reviews and finally gone, I've satisfied my curiosity and probably won't go back.  Yes, the food is flavorful and the atmosphere beautiful.  Service was courteous.  BUT, most things seem $5 too much.   Friends had the weisswurst with sauerkraut, horseradish mustard.  They said it was good.  I had the goulash - which turned out to be a tomato-based soup with small chunks of beef and potatoes.  Tasty but not $14 tasty.  I at least expected some sort of cool presentation but it came in a bowl; soup had been sloshed onto the rim of the bowl by the time it reached me.  The $9 sacher torte was good too but I think at most $7 would have been appropriate.  Not too sweet with just a touch of apricot jam to complement the chocolate cake.  All in all, for this kind of cash, I'd rather go somewhere else.	0
Went for Sunday Brunch for my 25th Birthday and was disappointed.  Waited 15 minutes to be seated which was expected, but I thought the payoff would be better.  I had the smoked trout which was fine, and my mother had the veinerschnitzel which was tasty but i could have made it. Prices are high for what you get.  The desserts are not good, and i was actually made.  We had the dark choclate cake and the linzer  torte, along with hot chocolate.  The hot chocolate was not rich like expected, it has a bitter taste.  When I eat desserts I want them to be fantastic, and these were definately diner level if not worse.	0
Great atmosphere, great coffee, great service, pathetic portions, ridiculous prices.   $62 for two cups of coffee a scrawny salad and a kids portion of Wiener Schnitzel with a spoonful of potato salad.   Ridiculous.   No, I would not do this again.   In Austria this meal would have been about the cheapest food on the menu.	0
I can't understand how anyone could give this place any stars at all.  This place is so overrated!  It's like a food court at a mall. It's just a room with some tables, with no view of anything.   The fixtures and design of the coffee bar don't match the period of the room and made the room seem messy. Bad Feng Shui. The food was awful:  soggy sauerkraut, crab salad with bits of crab shell mixed in  &amp; the most DREADFUL coffee ever.	0
The room is beautiful. The food is mediocre. The portions are small. The prices are large. The upper east side formula for the ladies who lunch.  Can't they at least get some real sausages, not some typical, pumped full of chemicals, supermarket brand.	0
Overpriced, mediocre food, with a decor that's nowhere near nice enough to make up for it	0
Cheese in dishes was served cold instead of room temperature.  Soup was watery.  Waitress was rude.  Excellent bread.  It is a pretty place but the prices are too high, even for Manhattan.  Desserts look lovely.	0
Came early in the AM before camping out at Mile 24 of the Marathon.   Desserts looked amazing on the counter but it was too early for me.  Service was polite and efficient, but to be honest, the coffee/breakfast was unremarkable.  If I happened to be back, I would make a point to order one of the desserts.	0
Too foo foo and too expen$ive for my taste, great for chicks to hang out and "have coffee"   Not good for kids or groups - just small tables - sorry Sabarsky.   The food was good - it is close to the park.	0
I ordered food from this place because my neighbor told me this place has great food. I ordered a few items and after I tasted everything...I wasn't fully pleased.  Curry puffs: Thumbs up! Very delicious  Crispy Fried Calmari: Two thumbs down! $7 for a small handful of calamari that didn't taste good at all. Drunk Man Noodle: Thumbs down! I like spicy BUT not where my tongue wants to fall out of my mouth! If you like spicy...this is the dish for you. This dish was left alone after we tried it...it went to waste,we could not eat this...TOO SPICY!!! Basil Fried rice: Thumbs up! It was very good and the spices of this dish was not overwhelming. (Spiciness was MILD) Overall...This place is a hit or miss.  They also forgot my can of Ginger ale... I called the restaurant and the woman who answered the phone was polite...she said they will put it on their system and will give it to me if I ordered again.  Anyway......My first experience with this place isn't bad but it wasn't great either.  Would I recommend this place? Yes but be careful in choosing what you want and make sure you tell them your preference of how spicy you want your dish. Make sure they don't forget your soda either! Lol	0
This is the worst delivery I've had in a looooonng time! First the operator was super rude, then the delivery guy only had one dollar change!! (Unbelievable!). I paid $30 for 2 summer rolls and a dish which were so diagusting, I ended up throwing it in the garbage! Horrible!	0
I ordered on seamless and I'm left feeling "eh" about it. The pineapple fried rice was good but that was about it. The pad se Ew was pretty bad actually... very oily and small portion for the price. And the desserts were TINY for how much we paid. $7 for a skinny little slice of cake?  Come on. I'll go else where for my future Thai needs.	0
I've ordered from this place numerous times. Today I am so turned off by the food. I ordered a yellow curry with chicken. What do I find in my food? Not one, but TWO dead flies. I think it's time for me to look for a different Thai restaurant to order takeout from. I ate some chicken rolls as well as some dumplings. Who knows if I ingested flies through those dishes??	0
Food was very good. Service was a bit slow. But my  one star rating was because of what I saw today.  The owner/manager was annoyed at one of his employees for whatever reason and was ridiculing him asking if he's hard of hearing and if something was wrong with his hearing. It made me uncomfortable - and i don't get uncomfortable easily - and got me mad someone was talking so down to someone - especially in front of the customers. I told them my complaint and left. Needless to say, even though the food was good, I won't be coming back and giving business to such a guy.  He needs to watch an episode of restaurant impossible and learn better.	0
Not a good value. Expansive for what you get, small portions of salad. It is very beautiful space good place to hang out and have a smoothy. I recommend walking next door to hummus kitchen or so soom if you want a full meal for your money.	0
I was driven to this restaurant by its 4 stars rating with over six hundred reviews.  However, my friend and I have the same comment for the dishes we had.  Egg custard - a lot of reviews recommend it. We think it tastes strange and a bit sour. Why sour? Salmon - on average  Tofu appetizer with 3 flavors of salt - citrus salt tastes like medicine. Tofu texture and taste on average.  Mixed vegetable tempura dish with sweet and sour sauce - same sauce as general Tso's chicken.  Maybe there is something outstanding that we didn't pick.	0
I called ahead the day earlier letting them know I was bringing a large group for lunch. When I arrived the hostess, at us at joined two top tables. We were a group of  5 people, which had 4 large guys. When I asked if it would be enough room, she responded with a slight attitude asking if we planned on ordering a lot.  Definitely did not appreciate the hostess this afternoon. And fyi, we did order a lot and the waitress had to take our food off of the trays in order to fit on the table.  The food was good as usual, something I truly enjoy here. Our waitress was nice. But our food did not come out at once. So we had to wait between people getting their entrees. I have died here before and was impressed. This time was a surprise and quite a shame. We also did not get any sharing plates for our appetizers. When we requested some, they gave us one set then took it away. We did not get a new set for the following appetizer.  The service was disappointing for ootoya 's caliber and the amount of money we paid for lunch ($200+)	0
Dirty food, horrible service.  The interior may give you an impression that the food will be clean. However having this awful experience happening twice i see how they do not care about hygeine.  Pubic hair came out from the rice last time, told the waiter and he just said okay and brought a new rice without saying sorry.  Last week, i ordered salad and hair came out, told the waiter but she only said sorry and that was it.  Very disappointing service and i dont even know why they would show them practicing how to speak kind japanese to the customers before opening hours when they cant even handle these kind of issues in a proper and polite way.	0
I don't know what the big deal about this place is. Definitely not the best Japanese food I ever had.  All their beef dishes were over cooked and blend. Their chicken oyakodon was okay, but not enough flavor.  To top it all off, their cheesecake was atrocious. Do not order it. It was hard, tasted old and if you enjoyed it, shame on you. I definitely wouldn't go back because the food didn't taste that great, I had to keep flagging down the waitress to get our water filled and it took forever to get the check and even to get the receipt to sign to get out of there.	0
Came here on a Saturday night... Raw squid, don't have.  Wings, don't have. Neck, don't have. Negima (thigh, breast &amp; scallion), don't have. Skin, don't have. Liver, don't have ENOUGH so short a few skewers. So.. WHAT DO YOU GUYS HAVE?!?!?! A little disappointed with this being my first time here, my expectations were a bit high giving all the wonderful pictures other Yelpers posted... But seriously..It's a  SATURDAY night... How could you not have anything available??? We came at a decent time too, like 7pm., not like we showed up at the place 30mins prior to closing! The entrees were ok... I had the Kaisendon while most of my friends went with the hotpot.. A lil disappointed in their sashimi. It didn't taste too fresh. In fact, it tasted quite fishy... It ruined my taste buds actually... The best had to be the sesame ice cream.. It had so much sesame flavoring! More than what the Chinatown Ice Cream Factory would have.. O, and parking is great!! I never expected NY to have soooo much parking on one street! I thought we would have to put the car in the lot, but nope.. Hubby actually got to CHOOSE a parking!! How awesome is that! It's a very rare scenario in the city!! Overall, I had better japanese food elsewhere.. Maybe it was a bad night for them, I'm not sure because I do see quite alot of good reviews, unfortunately, I can't give them one.	0
Very underwhelming food. The hostesses and waitresses were all very friendly and nice. The bussers, though, were curt and rude. The space was ok, just dark and simple - nothing really caught my attention to be out of the ordinary. The food was mediocre. I got the pork belly set and it was just two slabs of grilled pork belly (read: not tender) cut into bite-sized pieces served with rice, watercress, cold potato salad, a wedge of tomato, egg custard, pickles, and soup. Honestly, nothing was particularly good. It was edible, sure, but definitely not good. I feel like you can get better food with some lunch special bento boxes. Actually, I've definitely had better lunch special bento boxes! I say skip it. I would not come back.	0
In my opinion, this place is one of the worst sushi/Japanese experience of my life. It's not a place where I would visit again. Surprisingly though, it was packed when we dined last night. Sorry, it's just 2** s for you.	0
They don't take reservation on lunch time, we walked in they tell us it's gonna take an hour. therefore we say in there for 45 minutes, then they tell us "we may not make it".  Cool staff you have there.	0
First off let me say if you are looking for Americanized Japanese, this is not the place for you!! This was very authentic (I think) Japanese. The menu was weird and not typical of places in NYC. Go somewhere else. The food was weird and the staff barely spoke English.	0
It was my first time coming to this restaurant when I went. The food was okay. The ambiance was very well done I must say. However, my server was terrible, I don't remember her name, it started with an M, but in any case she ruined my experience at this establishment. She never once came around to ask how my meal was, and I had to wait like 30 minute just so I could get some water after I flagged down her attention (she was chit chatting with someone nearby and ignored me when I politely called to her the first few times). When she did give me my water she slammed it down in front of me which was very unprofessional. I begrudgingly had to tip her. I will not be back here.	0
For those people that only read a couple of lines: Don't walk, RUN from here.  I honestly can't remember the last time yelp has failed me this badly. The ambiance is decent, not great, and would it kill them to clean the dirty bit of wall near the vents?  Intimate space, though not particularly romantic. I ordered the Kaisen Don off of the lunch menu.  The miso soup is great, and the presentation was very attractive, but the food was terrible!  The sashimi appears to have been cut with kindergarten safety scissors by a two year old, and tasted off.  Its a short time later and I feel sick.  The rice tasted like crap, how did they screw that up?  All in all, the entree was extremely disappointing, and at $30 I definitely feel jipped. Now for the egg custard that everyone is raving about.  Its a soft boiled egg in scrambled form  for crying out loud!  I'll admit, at least its edible, but c'mon guys. Do yourself a favor, go someplace else.	0
An excellent food for the price. Traditional Japanese food without any fusion. Medical oncology highly recommend this place. So why two stars because the discrepancy of why we could not get seated for one hour. First, the staff said, they forgot us. Then, the other staff said, the called our party but we did not respond when we literally standing next to the reservation waiting list. I can forgive mistake but I can not forgive when people lie to make up their reasons for their performance.	0
So where to begin?  I took my fiancé here for our date night last Thursday (10/23). I had previously eaten here with friends and I thought service and food were great. This past Thursday, however, this was not the case. The food, of course, was great. The service, not quite there yet. We arrived before 7 without a reservation. We had previously called to make one but they no longer had room, so they told us to arrive before 7. Once we get there, we are told there is a 45 minute wait, but that's okey. We give them our phone number and go for a walk. In exactly that time they call us and we come back for our dinner. The dinner was very good, we ordered a carafe of sake and two dinner sets. The service was very good all this while. We finished our food in around an hour. Granted that by this time it was 8.30. Meaning we ate all of our meal in under an hour. We still had half a carafe of sake, tea and water.  My fiancé and I were pleased to this point but out of the blue one of the hostesses, the American one, not the Japanese one, approaches us and says: "um guys I'm gonna need this table there are people waiting". I found this appalling. We had already payed. Almost a hundred dollars. We tipped over 20% because we found it to be that good (our waitress). And, after all this, only being an hour at the table, I am asked to leave? Like this? This was not enough for them, one of the busboys was hovering our table for the very uncomfortable 15 minutes we remained after what the hostess said to us. It made the whole experience, and our date night, a very uncomfortable situation. They ruined it. It is a big surprise that this is the way they treated us in a Japanese restaurant, an authentic one at that, where service is usually excellent.   Needless to say, I will not be coming back. Really sad, because the food is good. It is in my neighborhood, my work, my school and my gym are in a 4 block radius.	0
i don't even want to give a star. the service is the worst service in the past 13 years of my new york life. most of their food are good though. WHAT NOT TO DO; *don't order duckwalk wine -- it is not a restaurant grade wine, not even a house wine grade. it was one of the wine bottles you buy because it is on sale, and you find out it was a failure at home.... you know what i mean *make sure they let you taste when you order a bottle of wine -- our server was, i suppose, new at the job. he didn't let us taste the bottle first.  *don't be the last table -- they will come around your table and give you 'the stare', and manager tells you that it is time for him to go home.  *don't expect good service and be ok with paying same amount that you can get good food with good service.	0
Food took forever to come out and did not taste all that great. My gf ordered don katsu and the portion was tiny. I barely got to have a lick of it. Our waitress was only present when it was time for the check.  In sum, slow ass service and overpriced food.	0
nothing about the food is special. none of the dishes are memorable. I guess maybe it attracts people for the cheaper prices... I do not understand the hype at all.	0
Horrible service! I was treated like shit. I'm never going back and wouldn't recommend it. Food is not even that nice.	0
The two stars are for the service. I came here with friends at 830 pm on a Tuesday for dinner and was asked to wait 30 min. After the allotted 30 min, we went back to check and was told that they had given our spot in line to another group, without ever calling us. Luckily, by then, the restaurant had started to empty and we were able to get seated. Service was INCREDIBLY SLOW, from the ordering of the entree to serving the entree. Later, we asked for dessert and waited another 20 min before one of the waiters came back to inform us that the earl grey ice cream had melted and we would have to get something else - all this was at 10pm on a Tuesday when half the restaurant had emptied. The food, independently, was pretty good. The egg custard was delicious but the side of radish must be an acquired taste. I only wished the menu had been a little more descriptive.	0
I am giving this restaurant 2 stars because their host are terrible. Came here yesterday for my friend's birthday lunch get together and we had to wait almost 2 hours before sitting down. Her boyfriend had came early to the restaurant so he can get a table for 12 since they do not take reservations. We would assume after 45 mins or so, the host would have somewhat arrange a section for us to sit down or let us know how much longer. After 1 hour of waiting we asked if our table was ready.. they still didn't know. We continue to wait patiently since we had a large group. The host didnt seem to care very much about us which made the experience very frustrating. Our first experience here was not very pleasant.  After almost 2 hours of waiting, we were seated. The food was good and the waiters were very friendly.	0
TOO loud to eat a meal. Great for drinks. Cocktails are pretty good.  Nothing memorable from dinner to note other than the uncomfortable atmosphere	0
Went there for the first time for brunch and sat at the bar. The roasted lamb nachos were really good with the goat cheese fondue drizzled on top and some Sriracha spice to round out the flavors. However, using perhaps pita chips instead of the crumbly fried wonton skins may have held up to the lamb better. The chicken and waffles were kind of dry and had a bit too much heavy breading for my liking on the chicken and the waffles were too chewy and hard to cut with my knife. The frittata was good but a little boring. The flavors just melded together without being discernible.The little muffins and bread you get in the bread basket for brunch were delicious and the best thing there. Maine Brewing Mo was $13 for a 12 ounce pour of this Pale Ale. I've had this beer many times before at other bars and it was never that overpriced. If something cost double the price, a bar should make that known to a customer before pouring. All other taps were around $7/$8 and on the menu, it only mentioned "Featured Craft" and your customers would assume it would be all around the same cost, especially for a Pale Ale that isn't so rare. I guess since it is a Pale Ale and you need to get rid of it quickly to retain freshness, they wanted to "surprise" you with the price to not deter you from getting it. Shameful practice of withholding price until you get the bill. Although, when I ordered it, the bartender had no idea what it was. I said it three times and had to point at the tap handle for her. Perhaps the bartenders just need to be trained better to what is being put on tap. Odd to have a clueless bartender at this type of establishment and if this is indicative of their staff, no thanks. While the food was decent, not being transparent in their pricing practices is what brought my rating way down. I don't think I would be returning.	0
This place totally didn't meet my expectations. With all the good reviews, I thought this place should be pretty good but it wasn't. The lamb nacho wasn't that good. The lamb was dry and the wonton chips were getting soggy. I've ordered one tuna and salmon tartare, but the waiter thought we said two. So, we just left it the way it was and ate both of it. It wasn't that bad, however we didn't know what was on the bottom (we thought it was something weird). After looking at the menu again, it said "wasabi"; however, that's not how wasabi should taste like. The philly cheese spring rolls were alright. My friend and I think that was the best appetizers out of the three. As for the entrees, the pan seared scallops were terrible. The scallops were definitely over cooked since they were chewy. As for the hanger steak frites, they didn't even ask you how cooked you want it to be. Overall, it won't be a place I will go back again.	0
this won't make a dent in the reviews, but this was one of the worst food experiences i've had in new york.  bacon burger was atrocious -- too much bun, which promptly fell apart, followed by an unseasoned patty that tasted like garbage beef. i actually can't believe you can get a burger this wrong. and what are you doing charging $13 for a craft beer when everything else is $8 when they ask about it without telling a customer it's way more? staff was otherwise fine, albeit feeling duped, but told everyone i know to avoid this place. you're better off at upland.	0
Piss me off! Bartender says you can sit anywhere. Hostess says "oh umm well ... It will be 20 minutes for a table for 2". The Place is half empty.  I don't like being sized up and chosen to be able to spend my money. It's too rude!   And there are too many other places to go. Meanwhile, I go out and my husband goes in. He asks for a table for 2 and lo and behold the hostess says "I've got a Table for u now."  He asks her why there is a table now and not one available for his wife 1 minute ago?  She can't give a reasonable answer. Even the manager comes over and tries to explain an unexplainable situation. Bye bye.  We split the city, went to Williamsburg and are now at the Post office. Such a great place. Read my review at the post office page.	0
On a lazy Sunday morning, I did not want to go too far for brunch. Using yelp, I looked up a couple spots that had high ratings and Cask Bar + Kitchen was among the choices. Expect at least an hour wait for a table (even size 2)...Luckily, there were bar seating available, which did not deter me as this was meant to be a chill brunch with a friend. BAD IDEA #1: Bartender is your waitstaff First bad thing about this is that he seemed hard of hearing (i.e. got our order wrong, could not hear us when we tried to get his attention, couldn't get our hands on sugar/milk/ketchup for a long time) -- IF YOU EAT AT THE BAR, DO NOT EXPECT GOOD/ATTENTIVE SERVICE. The bartender was definitely running back and forth along the bar, so it was hard to get his attention, especially when his back is turned toward you. Plus, his first priority is NOT to look at you and serve you. FURTHER, when I ask for "more" sugar in the raw (which he was not even familiar with), I got just one packet (and if you don't know me already, I have a HUGE sweet tooth and one is definitely not enough to offset the bitter coffee). #2: hard to put your stuff anywhere FOOD QUALITY: 1) Latte - bitter, not particularly impressive, needed 3-4 sugars 2) Truffle Mac 'n' Cheese - on my way over, I saw s'mac so I was craving mac n cheese...you really can't go wrong on this because of the truffle oil, but I will say that the TEXTURE was on the softer side (I prefer a bit more crunch / chewiness), so I would suggest them decrease the boil time of the pasta. Cheese was really gooey, which was nice (not elastic, but more liquid-y?) -- makes you think how much oil went into it. This was all made in a cast iron dish. 3) Fried Chicken &amp; Waffles - so our order was messed up and we got "Belgian Waffles" first, which we then mentioned to give us the "Chicken" part for self-made Chicken and Waffles...where to begin with this...WAFFLES ARE GROSS (soft/soggy, not fluffy and warm, not crispy on the outside, just failed on all parts except presentation). CHICKEN WAS VERY DRY (I would say the only good part was the crust). I am wondering about the legitimacy of the high ratings for this, but maybe I just ordered the wrong things (or should have waited for a table). Either way, it will take some convincing to bring me back for brunch.	0
came here with a friend on a weekday for dinner let me start with the good: the wait was not bad, the service was great, very attentive bread was great, oil to dip bread in was better, would come back for the oil my friend and i each got cocktails, the cucumber gin fizz and the elixir, good drinks! we decided to split small plates, ordered the short rib sliders (yum!) and cheesesteak rolls the meh: cheesesteak rolls didn't taste like cheesesteak, sauces were weird, but good enough that we finished the order the disappointing: we also ordered the truffle mac, going off of yelp recommendations, and we were very excited. but the order was cold, it was very dry, there was no cheese, and there was no truffle flavor. whyyyy.	0
I came here once for diner and once for brunch. The brunch was good, but unmemorable. The dinner was eh, but that could just be my specific taste buds. My friend and I split the: -Tuna and salmon tartar duo -Caramelized brussel sprouts (no manchego for me) I also got the grilled avocado and my friend got the short rib sliders. We both got wine off the happy hour menu. The tartar was very tasty and enjoyable. The brussel sprouts just weren't that good. I think I've been spoiled by ilili's brussel sprouts. I don't think any will ever compare. Ever. The grilled avocado said it was served with lime aoili, but instead it came out filled with sour cream. I despise sour cream and had to send it back. I don't understand why that wasn't listed on the menu and the aoili was nowhere to be found. It ended up being just okay with the corn, red onion and tomato that it was served with. I think this should be re described on the menu. Nice ambiance, decent service and in the hood. Would come back for brunch or happy hour, but not for dinner.	0
My time at Cask was disappointing.  It has so much potential.  Nice design and layout, good looking menu and fun cocktail list.  Execution however was where it fell short. On a positive note, my Bulleit Manhattan was quite nice and served in a cool glass.  I was able to walk with it and not spill it.  Good touch.  The Bourbon Smash I had however had not even the slightest hint of bourbon and was pretty disappointing. We ordered the flatbread and the brussel sprouts.  The flatbread texture and flavor was doughy, not crisp and underwhelming.  The sprouts didn't have any browning and the chorizo didn't really add anything to the flavor.  Both very missable items as far as I'm concerned. The beer selection here is ok.  You can find some craft brews but nothing too exciting. On a final note, our server could not have been more uninterested in helping us out.  This sort of behavior just annoys me and will keep me from coming back to a place.	0
Came here with a group of 8 on a Friday night. We had a reservation and were seated promptly which was nice. Ordered a variety of food and a bunch of us opted for the beer that was on a special, a Sixpoint selection on cask. The sixpoint offerings by the can / on tap ranged from $6-$8, but when we got our bill at the end of the evening they were charging $12 for the special! Of course this was not listed on the sign nor did our waiter tell us when we ordered it. When asked about the large price difference our waiter shrugged and said it came in a bigger glass (it didn't). If i ordered an entree on special i would not expect it to be twice as much as everything else on the menu, and the same is true for drinks.  The food we ordered was decent (3 starts) but the service and this experience made it a very disappointing visit. Don't think ill be back.	0
Tried to eat here but after putting my name on the waiting list and told it was a 90 minute wait, mysteriously my name was not on the list 60 minutes later.  Oh by the way... Hostess has no clue how to work reservation board.	0
Solid 2.  Why?  With a name like CASK, I expected a more extensive or at least more expertly-selected beer list.  The draft selections were ok - something for every general taste, but nothing for a "beer snob".  The bottled selections were better but, of course, less cost-friendly.  With so many bars/restaurants around town that offer up eclectic and delicious, frothy, draft-y delights, there's no reason Cask can't do the same. We stopped in on a Friday night around 8, and were able to readily score two bar seats while we waited for our table.  unable to help ourselves, we ordered some apps to tide us over.  Brussels sprouts, nearly always a winner, were drowning in oil here inside their cast iron home, and we found ourselves letting them drip-dry a bit en route from pot to mouth.  A bit easier on the oil and they would have been delicious.  Duo of tartare - salmon and tuna - is misleading, as we expected them to be two separate tartares.  They turned out to be mashed up into one little block which, while delicious, suffered from a bit of lost-identity when put together.  The tartare was covered in some white, thick, sour-cream-consistency goo, which ruined the experience entirely.  Sans-goo, however, this would have been a pretty solid dish. When our table was ready, the hostess asked if we wanted to stay at the bar where we were.  We gazed beyond her and saw the beautiful, dimly lit, romantic, slightly raised dining room and promptly answered "NO!" because we wanted to dine in the beautiful room.  It was, after all, date night.  As our asses left the stools, given up to some others eagerly awaiting to swoop into the spot, we followed the hostess down...wait, DOWN? Why are we going downstairs?  No...don't exile us to the annex! We had just given up our barstools for a table in the dining room and she leads us DOWNSTAIRS.  NOT COOL, dude. That's 1. misleading, and 2. disheartening.  The downstairs looks completely different than the upstairs - more dungeon-y, more sleazy-bar-night-like.  As a reference point, the high-top we were seated at had a perfect view of a woman bending over the bar wearing only a shirt.  No, no pants.  She was wearing boy-cut underwear, to match the shirt, but certainly no pants.  She leaned over throughout our meal to flirt with those around her, leaving me not only to eat a level below the gorgeous dining room we were led to believe we were eating, but in direct sight of ass for the duration. The server was nice, but that hardly made up for the feeling of shafted-ness I felt all night.   We settled on some fries (we suspect they were frozen, but they were still crispy so we grinned and bore it), a burger (cooked entirely too well-done for our specifications), some sweet potato fries (also seem of the frozen variety), and a steak flatbread (lovely-cooked steak, entirely too many mushrooms, and great gorgonzola sharpness to contrast). Overall, the food was just entirely mediocre, the beer fared similarly, and the ambiance we actually enjoyed for our meal was disappointing compared with the lovely dining room we were led to believe we'd be eating in. Learn from my mistakes, folks, and be sure to STAY UPSTAIRS if you ever visit.  Otherwise, you may leave wishing you had your $100+ back.	0
They have happy hour til 8pm -- $7 sangria, $5 beer, and $6 wines. The sangria wasn't well-made. Just cheap wine with some fruits dropped in, so I would recommend getting the beer or wine. I would not recommend getting any food unless you are starving: -Meatballs - tiny and flavorless -Mac and cheese - not bad, but they use tiny elbow mac and tastes like fake cheese -Potato gnocchi - just sweet balls of crap -Kobe sliders - puts shame to the kobe name Maybe just get fries if you're really hungry. And do not even think about getting dessert. The creme brulee and chocolate cake were kind of disgusting. They weren't sweet and the textures were not right.	0
This place is awful! I'm not sure about the food because I never tasted it. I placed an order with the bar and they brought my food to a table I wasn't even sitting at. They then charged me for the food I never ate. When I approached the bartender about it she then told me to speak to the manager who proceeded to point at me and tell me to leave. She has no class and didn't even listen to my story before she began blaming me and telling me to leave. She was extremely rude &amp;knew nothing about customer service.	0
Cocktails were decent, but the food here was pretty much terrible.  I have allergies, so when we inquired about the flatbread pizzas, they told us they needed to read the label because the bread was prepackaged.  The toppings that they used to dress it up were nothing spectacular and the portion was tiny.  We also ordered the brussels sprouts with chorizo; the sausage tasted like cut up Oscar Mayer hot dogs.  I apologize if I sound like a complete snob, but the quality of the food here just isn't worth it given the NYC price tag.  For drinks?  Maybe.  For food?  No way.	0
I think this place is decent enough but, after eating here a few times, feel like I never leave satisfied.  The reason I keep coming back is because i live a block away and my friends love it! Saturday night I dined here with a group of friends.  I had scallops with chorizo risotto as an entree.  It was pretty good and the scallops were cooked well, but the sauce was a little rich/heavy.  For appetizers we split a mushroom flat bread (which I thought was soggy), tuna tartar (on greasy chips), and mac &amp; cheese (which was awesome - probably the best thing any of us ordered) Basically, this place underwhelms me - however I feel like I'll be back!	0
The worst crab cake I've ever had in my life, I had here. They should list it on the menu as a doughball. The egg rolls were so greasy I had to soak the grease in a napkin. The truffle Mac and cheese was burned and nasty.  Everything I ate here was awful and the place is so dark I had to use my iPhone to read the menu. My waitress was nice but the meal was among the worst I've ever eaten.	0
Paella was super salty when we visited. Definitely would not go back as the place seems a little overrated.	0
We went there for happy hour on a Friday. Granted, the beer selection was really good (and our beers were delicious!). But otherwise, the experience was less than satisfactory. It's NYC, but paying 12$ for the pint that is advertised on the happy hour menu (without a price, of course) is not acceptable. And getting repeatedly bumped into by waiters while trying to sip the overpriced beer is not any more acceptable. Needless to say that we left after one drink only and will not go back.	0
Our daughter lives nearby, so we are not strangers to Cask. Previous meals have been enjoyable; what we encountered earlier today changed our opinions drastically. We went for a late brunch. My wife ordered the roasted pear salad with crumbled Gorgonzola cheese &amp; chopped pecans. She was presented with a plate of frisonné greens, 9 crumbles of Gorgonzola, &amp; 4 bits of pecan. All that wonderful food for 9 bucks! Our daughter's boyfriend &amp; I ordered the royal cow burger which had as 1 of its toppings apple smoked bacon. When the burgers came out of the kitchen, they were presented to us with the top half of the bun next to the burger. One look at the bacon &amp; you knew it was barely cooked-it was warm to the touch, fat was still white &amp; it was limp when picked up. I looked up &amp; our waiter happenned to be passing by. After attracting his attention, I showed him the undercooked bacon on both our burgers. His reply floored all 5 of us-"I take it that you want the bacon cooked a bit more" in an arrogant fashion. The bacon was returned 2 minutes later nicely browned, crispy &amp; crunchy. What I find most disturbing is how many employees in that commercial kitchen saw these burgers with the undercooked bacon &amp; didn't care enough to save clientele from possible illness!	0
My girlfriends parents are in town so we wanted to find a place that was cozy but not ridiculously expensive to have dinner at. After reading all of the reviews, we chose Cask since it was close by in midtown. When we got there, all the staff were extremely nice and responsive. Our waitress was great and gave good recommendations.  Unfortunately, 3 out of the 4 of us got sick after our meal. I would like to rule out Cask but we all came from different areas for the dinner so there is no commonality other than Cask. All I can say is, beware of the B health rating and the mussels/fish as that is what I think got us. If they had a better rating, this might have been our go-to place	0
THE WAIT: Totto is, for reasons somewhat unclear to yours truly, enjoying a lot of popularity right now. The restaurant is very tiny--a hole in the wall, really--and can seat maybe twenty people at a time. This means you will experience a long wait to be seated. It would be very simple to have patrons provide their cell phone numbers along with their names, and for the restaurant to call or text when a table is about ready. I've been to many establishments that use a system like this to handle their long wait-times, but Totto doesn't, so you just stand outside in the cold for up to 30 minutes or more, while random New Yorkers walk by and loudly comment about how foolish you are for doing so. By the time you leave Totto, you've found lots of reasons for agreeing with them. THE SERVICE: The server who actually took our food and drink order was friendly and efficient. It seemed like the service was going to be fine until, a few minutes after being seated at a pair of stools just a foot away (if that!) from the front door, we realized that we were freaking freezing, and that the blasts of cold air every time the front door was opened would quickly cool our food. (It was a cold night in January, about 20 degrees outside.) I got a waiter's attention and asked him whether we could switch seats once something else opened up. He replied that it would be no problem; I should just go and make this request of the hostess and she would arrange it. I then found the hostess and told her we would like to change seats. This woman looked at me and said, "I'm sorry, but no." I said, "But we're freezing." She said, "I'm sorry, no." Hmm. I went back in and told my husband what she had said. He then asked her what was the reason we couldn't have our concern addressed. Meanwhile, I was buttoning up my coat and tying my scarf because EFF THIS NOISE. WE'RE LEAVING.  Don't care how long we waited, how "cool" and "trendy" the place is, or whatever. I damn sure wasn't going to pay money to sit somewhere that I wasn't comfortable. They have their rules and I have mine: if you "can't" honor a reasonable seating request then I "can't" see my way 'round to handing you my money. Simple. Suddenly a manager appeared and had a hushed conversation with the hostess. He then told us that yes, of course, we could change seats. The hostess was pleasant at this point, as well. But come on.  Anyway, we did not have any more problems with service after this point and indeed everyone we interacted with was pleasant and seemed to want us to have a good experience. Had this particular issue not arisen, I suspect things would have been pretty smooth and uneventful over all. My recommendation is that if you decide to come here, try to avoid being seated at those two stools closest to the front door. Especially in winter, you will freeze. Or, of course, you could just go eat your ramen somewhere they don't have you hanging from the rafters in the first place. THE FOOD: All of Totto's ramen broth is chicken-based, with the exception of the vegetarian ramen. I'm a tonkotsu fan, myself, and Totto's chicken broth did nothing to alter this. It is a bit bland, and oddly lacking in fat and collagen compared with other chicken broths I've known. I ordered the Mega Ramen, with a side of spicy sesame oil, and a marinated boiled egg. The Mega Ramen features wavy noodles and a variety of pork preparations: char siu pork belly, seasoned ground pork, and what appeared to be marinated, roasted pork loin. Also scallions, garlic paste, and bean sprouts. Like pizza, even so-so ramen is still ramen, and is going to be pretty enjoyable to eat. The Mega Ramen was good and had a few strong points, although ultimately there were important problems with the execution. The noodles were pleasantly chewy, the pork belly was fairly well-marinated and had a pleasantly yielding texture. The scallions and bean sprouts were cool, crisp and fresh, giving a nice contrast to the spicy and savory flavors of the soup. The yolk of my soft-boiled egg was bright yellow, cooked just to the point of a kind of translucent custard-like texture. Very good. The spicy sesame oil came in a tiny little bowl, an attractive deep reddish-brown color and studded with golden flecks of fried garlic. It gave the ramen a depth of flavor that was missing without it. The lean pork, though, was overcooked and tough. And I was surprised by the lack of broth--there was fairly little, considering this was supposed to be a soup! Even so, I didn't finish my bowl. Once I ate the noodles and various meats and fixings, I had no interest in the remaining broth, which was way too salty, anyway. All in all, the ramen was passable, but compared unfavorably even with other ramen I've had in New York City. It can't really overcome the lackluster flavor of the broth itself, which is the backbone of great ramen. That's a real problem, given what you'll go through to get it.	0
My initial thought upon sipping Totto's ramen for the first time was "I waited two hours for this?". Oh man Yelp you've let me down. Either that, or you New Yorkers don't got your head on straight when it comes to ramen.  Taste here is so underwhelming. Just a complete collective meh. The broth is thin tasting. Broth is the most important part to any ramen dish, so if your broth is lacking, then your ramen is lacking too. Pork wasn't much better either. Honestly, my favorite part of the meal was the pork buns. These were super full of flavor. Also, if you order their green tea, they'll give it to you as a heated up aluminum can. Perfect for warming up your frozen hands on those harsh New York winter nights. The wait here is ridiculous. At least halfway through waiting, we got the chance to hop in their little doorway to stave off some of that deadly New York wind. Definitely not worth the wait though.  I'm sticking to my Bay Area ramen. Sorry New York.	0
I slurped that shit up coz it was so not spicy. Mentirisos. Bring siracha fyi their hot sauce is just oil	0
This review is solely on customer service because I didn't get to try the ramen! I arrive at 8:15 to ask for a seat for one! The hostess said to me, about 15 minutes. I was ok with that, so I strolled around the neighborhood and came back within 10 minutes. Upon my return, the hostess then asked if I wanted to place my order first so that the kitchen can get right to it when I sat down (which I thought was great!). So I told her my order and she proceeded to tell me to wait inside. If you've ever been to this place, you know it is crowded so I stood in the corner to be out of the way.  The hostess tells me, as soon as the next customer at the bar stools get up, the seat is mine! I was excited, smelling the ramen being prepared and salivating, assuming I will soon be enjoying one of these soupy concoctions. As I see a couple pay for their bill, I prepare myself by hanging up my bulky winter coat to squeeze into the tight space. As the server clears the table, I see the hostess go outside and tell another couple their table was ready! As I stood perplexed, she said they were here first and assured me I would have the next seat! So I said ok, fine, since I saw another couple preparing to get up.  After waiting for 30 minutes, at 8:45 and being bypassed by three pairs of patrons, I am fed up! At no point while I was standing there did I lose eye contact with the hostess! Trying to check in with her everytime she went outside to get more guests. Everytime she walked by, she made a frowny face at me as she checked in with whom I can only imagine as being someone of managerial position. That guy whoever he was just kept telling her to bring in two tops and then one four top, as she kept pointing to me, he waved her off (the entire dialogue was in japanese)!  I get it that you are busy, but a frowny face / pout is not going to do anything for me if I'm waiting for a table! Either you man up and tell me that you don't have a table for me or give me a realistic time of seating! Don't let me think I'm getting a seat soon and then make me stand there for almost an hour with no freaking clue! I was infuriated, starving and left with a bad taste in my mouth! So beware if you plan on going alone, and be sure to bring with you a lot of patience!	0
My friends and I only came here because we heard a lot of compliments stating that this ramen place was really good and we were craving for ramen. However my experience here wasn't great at all. When we arrived at the place, there was already a line of people waiting to get seated, so we signed the wait list and we were the first party of 3. We roughly waited around 45 minutes before we finally got seated. However before we were seated, another party of 3 was seated before us and they were AFTER us on the wait list. I was a little confused so I asked the hostess why we weren't seated first and she AVOIDED my question with irrelevant answers saying that our wait time would be around 10 minutes or less if we divide our party. We all ordered the Totto Miso Ramen ($11). When our order came, the chef accidentally gave me pork instead of chicken but I just kept the pork because I didn't want to wait. The waiter was nice enough to give me chicken on the side for free. I had extremely high exception for the ramen but was very disappointed because the ramen tasted very blend. The chicken had no taste, definitely recommend the pork over the chicken. Honestly this review wouldn't have even gotten 2 star if it wasn't for the waiter making up for the mistake of my ramen.	0
Totto chicken Paitan ramen for dinner today---around $10 plus asahi draft beer.  The Paitan ramen was just so so and the ramen (al dente) tasted like over cooked pasta and I don't like pasta. The broth also tasted like chicken noodle soup. Chicken was also jerky-like and somewhat unappetizing. Besides the uncomfortable seating, what's more annoying is the constantly hovering waitresses who buzzed around my friend and I while we were still eating and gave us our beer mid-meal. Here's a hint: if I'm still eating with half the bowl of ramen in front of me, I don't want to pay yet and I don't want to feel rushed into paying. I was there today (on a Sunday) around 5:30 pm and the place was half empty, there was no need to hover and hover and hover incessantly. Ramen and service at hide chan next door is way better.	0
I just can't understand it.  We waited for over an hour after arriving 15 minutes prior to lunch time opening.  The sign sheet was a joke, the place is a fire deathtrap, they make you order before you enter, the place is cash only, and the staff is totally indifferent.  We were never seated because we were a party of 3.  After 75 minutes, we just gave up and left.  My 10 year old's toes were numb from standing so long in the freezing cold. This restaurant is a service nightmare.  A table of 4 was called and we were next on the sign sheet but were passed over for another party of 4 more than 5 names after us because they had to squeeze ONE more person in there.  Parties were being asked to sit separately and eat at different times...ridiculous!!!! There were no apologies for anything from the staff and no discounts for any of the numerous inconveniences they pushed on paying customers. I will NEVER eat here despite the hype.  I choose safety first and good service.  This is NOT the only game in town.  Just kind of sad people pay for such bad service and total disregard for the customers convenience and safety.	0
Waited about 25 minutes at 12:30pm on a Monday for 3 people, which isn't bad because the shop is pretty small. I wanted to make a stop here before heading back to SF since I was able to try Ippudo earlier in my trip.  I ordered the spicy Totto ramen and split the pork buns with my bf. I do like the texture of the noodles, and felt like they were the perfect thickness, but that was probably the best thing about the entire bowl. Broth was salty in flavor but not rich. I was really excited to try chicken broth ramen because it's different, but ended up reminding me of instant ramen. The standard noodles don't really come with much and you have to pay to add each little thing.  The pork buns were just kind of soggy instead of being tender the way pork belly should be, plus the sauce was basically mayo and there was too much of it in it.  If you're from the Bay Area, this is how I would rank Totto among other ramen places from the Bay: Orenchi Kansui Ippudo Ramen Dojo Santouka-  Ramen Seas Kotetsu Misoya Kahoo Totto Halu Maru Ichi Shin Shin Ramen Ten Ma Ogisan Ramen	0
I've been to a fair share of ramen joints and always make it a point to hit up famous ramen restaurants in every city I go to. I had visited Ippudo already, so Totto was the name of the game for this trip to NYC. All I can say is DISAPPOINT =( I ordered the miso ramen and it was salty. Very salty. That masked the taste of the broth so I couldn't really delve into it and appreciate it. The noodles were too thin and didn' hold much substance at all. I just remember eating the ramen for the sake of finishing it. There was no desire in my heart or stomach to slow down and appreciate what I was eating. Really disappointed in that. Ramen is usually a dish that I savor. I like it when good broth meets strong noodles. In this case, weak broth met wimpy noodle.	0
Im so disappointed with this Ramen shop. Bad taste ramen, bad hospitality... I never come there.	0
This place was seriously a letdown! I recently went to Ipuddo and the experience and ramen was 10x better.  My friend and I actually got lucky and didn't have to wait too long. We put our names down and then went to a nearby event at Kiehl's. By the time we returned about a half hour later, we were able to be seated within five minutes. We ordered before sitting down and our ramen was on the table just two minutes later. We both got the Totto Miso Ramen. I got mine with pork and the seasoned avocado. The avocado was the best part. I found the ramen to be lacking in flavor and had to order the spicy sauce for an extra $1.25. The ramen was fine, it just wasn't anything special. The pork was also a little bit dry. I'd recommend spending a few more dollars at Ipuddo for a much better ambiance and infinitely better ramen.	0
This place rated high reviews but my sentiment of this specialty joint in my opinion gets a marginal quality mark. This was because the pork ramen I ordered wasn't hot in terms of the temperature of the broth, it was way salty and the pork was more fat than meat. That's too bad as I waited for an hour hoping to find another home-run ramen joint.	0
Can I say that this place was mediocre or will a swarm of ramen fanatics come threaten me with a stick? I've had better. Pork buns were mediocre. Ramen noodles were meh. Pork broth was just okay. Seasoned egg and soft boiled eggs were both underwhelming. I don't understand why this place gets such high ratings. Wasn't worth the 45 min wait and non-existent service. If it wasn't overhyped I might be generous and give it 3 stars.	0
It's a shame that totto ramen starts putting MSG in their food. I am a food blogger and wanted to write a review to my readers about how great totto is. Came in one afternoon and finding " no msg " sign used to on the menu was gone. I asked the waiter to make sure because I have allergy for MSG, and it potentially causes cancer as well. The waiter apologized politely to me and told me yes they started putting MSG in their food. I don't know why they do so...cause the noodles already tasted good without MSG...	0
The TOTTO DYNASTY MAY BE OVER...(New owner/staff and the changes were not good) WARNING - If you been to Totto before then you need to read this review. Totto was always the king of Ramen (used to be a 5/5 star), and I've waited in some serious lines to get my fill! but things have changed....and changed for the worse. Tonight I dragged my friend from West Village all the way over here tonight proclaiming it will be a life changing experience, destroy Ipudo, and it was far from it.  In short, the the broth was wayyyyyy too thick, in fact I had to ask for hot water just to get it close to normal. , not to mention was not piping hot as it should be.  I should have known when I saw the absence of a line something was up.  I start to look around the kitchen I see none of my old usual all stars that used to create ramen magic.  I asked one of the servers where the usual were and he confirmed to me that there was a new owner and that the old staff is working at two of the new locations.  All I can say is that the Totto dynasty may be over.... It always surprises me how new ownership wouldn't  care more than me, the customer, about this kind of quality lapse.   DEAR TOTTO - Tonght's soup was just OKAY, but it used to be PERFECT! Please go back to the way it was or it will be OVER.  Tonight's disappointment  was big.  I miss the old Totto!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OLD TOTTO: RIP	0
The ramen was pretty good, but not nearly good enough to justify the ridiculous wait time.  Pros: - decently tasty ramen Cons: - obnoxiously LOUD METAL MUSIC - 45 min wait time - only 2 vegetarian options - only 1 beer option There's no way I'm going back.	0
My second visit here. What a disappointment! Cash only. Forced everyone of us to order own ramen. Broth was oily and fatty made me sick after eating their ramen. Pork smelled. We could not even finish one bowl of their ramen out of three and left. Not worth wait for thirty minutes on snowy day. Will never come back.	0
Meh. I had such high expectations of this place especially since every time I've come here, there's a huge line out front! The soup is below average--the spicy totto one was ok and the miso one just wasn't very good and the sliced pork belly was so tough and dry.  The atmosphere was cramped and cold (the door was ajar the whole time) and the service server tried to take my soup away twice before I was even finished.   The one good thing was the host took our order and the food arrived within 3 minutes.  If you want ramen and don't mind waiting in line, Ippudo is far superior and they make their noodles in house; it's a little pricey but you get what you pay for.	0
I felt that it was over hyped.  Tried the flag ship Paitan ramen with the char siu pork and honestly, was a bit of a let down.  Not saying it wasn't good.  I've found Zutto on hudson street to have far better more tasty ramen soup options.  Their Tonkotsu ramen with pork check meat and ginger to be far better. Plus who wants to eat a meal with blasting club music in a hole in the ground (below street level), tight space, dirty, and the cooking area is questionable. Skip the hype about having to put your name on the clip board and then order at the door before you sit down.  The ramen version of the soup nazi on Seinfeld.	0
Not at all that great. Waited 1.5 hours on a weekday for ramen because I was so excited about this place. The restaurant is TINY. Could seat about 10-12 people at most. My group of 6 had to split up and I ended up sharing a table of four with two complete strangers.....which I was fine with at the moment, because I was ready to eat some mind-blowing ramen. The portion was small. The broth was okay....and no egg? That was disappointing. They charge extra for egg, which is no surprise to me because it's NY. Overall, I had better. I'm from Atlanta, and Umaido beats this place hands down.	0
Nice broth but the service is horrible. You should give around 20% or more tip to waiter only with cash otherwise he'll aggressively ask you (almost force you) to give more money even though he poorly served you. In my case, he kept asking me if I'm done with ramen while I was eating.. I didn't even stay long time there. very annoying eating experience... I understand there's many people waiting but that not the right attitude of the waiter who ask more tip. Just go another place if you want better service.	0
I love this place! Love the spicy ramen. The staff is always crabby when I'm there, but that's part of its (sadistic) NYC charm, right? Wait 40minutes, get sneered at by waitstaff, gorge yourself on pork and noodles, take a piss-stench subway home, call it a good night. I don't begrudge the attitude.  But it's cash-only, which I find lame and offensive. Hence, one star.	0
This was the weirdest meal and experience I've had in a long time. I was invited to meet a friend there, and arrived before she did.  So naturally, I got in line.  Then, people behind me started getting called in to sit.    Oh?  There's list inside the door?  Then why are we rigidly standing in line like soldiers? I scribbled my name down and began the long, cold wait.  Suddenly, the hurried hostess approached us to take our order- on the sidewalk. Ummm, how about a beer?  And a menu?  We got the menu, and stood in the dark  making our decisions.   After about twenty minutes something incredible happened!  The exact same moment we were seated with coats coming off, our drinks, appetizers and entrees arrived, like magic, all at the same time! Trying not to show my disgust for their indifference, I ate slowly, ordered a second drink, and nibbled on the mayonnaise saturated pork bun.  This didn't stop the check from coming mid ramen.   In fact, it was clear it was time for us to leave, after about forty minutes, when we were smothered by four hungry diners, hovering over our table. Good times. Food?  Nothing special, and totally average and sub-par to Ippudo.  Their utter disrespect for their guests overshadowed any hint of enjoying the food.	0
Wow what an epic disappointment!  Where is all this hype coming from?  Had the tuna as an appetizer and it was actually slightly frozen?!  Frozen tuna is not my idea of fresh. Then the monumental fail: extra spicy ramen.  It was like drowning in sea water.  It was alarmingly salty with no taste.  The broth was denser than anything I've ever seen.  When I questioned if they got the order right because aside from the pound of salt in that bowl it had zero spice.  They then brought me a small amt of an oiled pepper mix to add to the soup.  To be honest, I can make a ramen soup that is many times better using the one dollar packaged ones they sell at the store.  This stuff was egregiously bland yet too salty.  Also, the base they use for the soup is suspiciously identical to Knorr tomato cubes you can buy at the grocery store.   When I tried to explain I was unsatisfied with the meal and didn't feel I should pay for something I only tasted---no one spoke English!  The guy at the cashier in his really bad English told me he didn't care and that he was going to charge me because they had made it for us and it didn't matter we didn't eat it.  Finally he only charged me for the appetizers but at the end I was soo fed up with them I was ready to donate my money to them.  Also, they only take cash and they plaster that several times on the door "cash only!" written 3 different times.	0
The interminable wait time for this clip joint was like adding insult to injury... Terrible shoyu ramen, noodles overdone and loaded with soda.  Forgettable service.  Way overpriced.  In their defense, a decent char shu, but that doesn't nearly compensate for the lack of anything remotely resembling the ludicrous hype this overcrowded place claims. Just to make sure that my original negative post wasn't just an unfortunate glitch, I actually went back to this place, to my ultimate regret.  With so many great ramen joints in NYC, Totto Ramen remains at the bottom of the barrel.	0
DEF NOT WORTH ANYONE'S TIME OR MONEY! My friend picked this place because it was on the 35 must tried list.  3 of us went there for dinner, we arrived at 08:40 PM, asked the "hostess" how long is the wait, she told me 20 mins.  We waited and waited, people came behind us all got in because they are a party of 2 and their tables are apparently designed for 2.  They kept telling me that we will be the next table, BUT NOPE.  In total, we waited for an entire hour, of course there were others complaining about the wait time given being not accurate.  They just wanted to give you a tolerable time to get you waiting, then you will probably be like, "ahh, since I have been waiting for 30 min, why not just another 10 min", right?  So we waited impatiently. (thinking this better be the best noddle soup in my life.) We got seated at the bar, yes, the food came quickly, but that does not mean it is good though.  The broth was SUPER thick and tasteless, the meats were all too overcooked, the noodles hard and chewy.  (plus they give you so little broth only enough to cover the noodles.)  My friends and I just could not finish our noodles because if you stare at the bowl the melting meat mixed with noodles are not pleasant to look at.  We left this place pretty soon and all our bowls were 2/3 full. I'm not sure how they got all these reviews with 4-5 stars. 1.  dreadful wait,  (they are more polite with their own people, Japanese) 2.  limited selection and crappy flavor -THIS MATTERS THE MOST 3.  no service ( my glass of water was empty for a long time, no one bother to re-fill it)  and of course, at Totto, all they want is quantity, so besides the wait, you are rushed to eat and leave! One last tip, this is def not a good place for more than 2, I saw a group of 6 being taken in 2 at a time, when the first 2 finished eating, the other 4 were still in line waiting.  You might get a more enjoyably dinner time with your friends at McDonald's.	0
Ohhhh the bathroom here is soo perpetually dank nasty. This is way too much drama. Find me at 51st and 10th or at the new eastside location... More spacious, with a more extensive menu (like uni cold ramen, avo seared tuna, pork buns). And less wait time. AND CLEANER BATHROOMS. yeesh.	0
Went on a sunday at around 8pm. There was a line and since I went alone, I waited for 10 mins. Was definately looking forward to it since people say it is better than Ippudo. Got sat down on the first seat on the counter. Very uncomfortable cus there are literally 20 ppl standing right there whike you try to enjoy your food abd get starred at. Really hipe they have the cubic seatings like the ones in Japan.  Got the totto miso ramen in pork, added nori and corn and cha siu. The miso ramen comes with minced pork and after I mixed the minced pork, all I can taste was msg soup and cooking wine or maybe sake. The alcohol flavor was so strong and the soup was bland. The cha siu was just normal. Pretty much very very disappointed. Totally came up to $16+ some change. I think it is not worth my time and price.	0
this review is based on delivery I ordered. My sister and I woke up really craving bar food but we were not in the mood to go an sit down anywhere. We decided on this place because its really close to my apartment and had good Yelp reviews. I'll cut to the chase....... most of the onion rings honestly didn't have onions inside, honest to god. Not sure if they disintegrated or what but they were batter rings. The sliders were just disrespectful. They were not good at all and didn't come with anything. No cheese, no onions, no sauce, no lettuce no nothing. And the buns were really hard. The mozzarella sticks seemed like they were fried yesterday, put in the fridge and then put in a togo box without being reheated. The wings were whatever but not awful. Last the soup was broth with cut up pieces of tortilla in it. Nothing else. I feel bad writing this because this place has really good reviews....... I don't know. Maybe the cook just woke up today and was like "NOPE."   I've uploaded pictures paint this picture.	0
I came here to watch some World Cup action and to try out some tater tots since American Retro specializes in tater tots. I love tater tots. BUT.... My experience was absolutely terrible.  After we were seated, it took a long time for someone to come take our order.  Once we made our order, it took about 28 min to get our orders. I knew this because there was 28 min left in the 1st half of the World Cup match.  We ordered Buffalo Tater Tots and Pizza ToTs. We ended up getting Buffalo Tots and Chili Tots. I didn't care about the mistake at that point because we were starving.  Unfortunately the tots were served cold, cold, and cold. Looks like it was sitting in the kitchen for a while before anybody went to go get it. What an awful and disappointing Tots experience.	0
I would give this place a 0!! Delivery is awful and they never get your order right. I would not recommend it to anyone...and expensive for such a bad experience! People there is better food for your buck elsewhere!	0
My boyfriend and I went for some late night munchies. Service was average for that time of night- not going to complain. He ordered the Retro burger and I ordered the Veggie burger. We both enjoyed the meals until 2 am rolled around. I was sick for about three days. We are long distance so that ruined the weekend. With that being said I'll never go back.	0
Oof... my recent experience wasn't good. Once again, I looked to American Retro to satisfy my love of tater tots.  My friends ordered the Jalapeño Poppers, Chicken Sandwich, and beef chili.  This time, I felt they gave us less tater tots and they were over-fried. Worst of all, my friend felt horrible the next day.  She had stomach pain all day from the food.  I still recommend American Retro for the tater tots (like I do in my original review), but this confirms my strategy of not eating anything else from them.  At least don't get the poppers or chicken sandwich, judging by how miserable she was.	0
Post-frat/sorority crowd warning. Beer pong? Maybe if you're 10 years younger. Took over half an hour to make a couple of burgers. Forgot part of our order. Ehhh won't be coming here again.	0
I've given a two star rating because of my last visit to AR. It seemed like they were purposely sending out the most horrible and cold food they possibly could. Sad part is that I have had a delivery from this place and it was pretty good. I took 3 friends to eat here and I looked like a moron for picking this place. Even the tater tots and soup was cold. How is that possible?	0
Dive bar and proud of it. This isn't my scene, but low key and cheap for a few drinks on a weeknight. $10 pitchers of beer. Good service. Sit at the bar or grab a table.	0
I came here to kill some time while waiting to get my Daily Show tickets. My friend and I just wanted to get a snack and get out of the heat so we popped into this place as it had some pretty glowing reviews.  We were the only diners in there, however it took us 30 minutes to receive an order of nachos! When we did finally get our food, there was a huge pool of grease in the bottom of the dish. I understand that this is not supposed to be a healthy dish, however, I've not experienced something so greasy in a very long time. I'm not sure how this place is at night, but I definitely won't be returning to find out.	0
AWFULl!!!  We waited nearly 2 HOURS for our delivery.  Simply 1 burger and 1 sandwich.  That's just insane.  And by the time it finally came, the order was wrong but there was NO WAY we were even going to call for them to come and replace it.  SKIP THIS PLACE FOR DELIVERY.	0
The food would be good if they got order right! ALways have problems with them and it takes an hour to get the food. Today i ordered the retro burger and paid extra for american cheese and sauteed onions. Neither was on the burger. The tator tots with chilli and cheese would have been good if the paper the put under them didnt stick to them like glue. I called the restaruant and the guy who answered said he would have to call me back because he was too busy. What professionalism! Now i have to wait forever to get a new order. I was called by <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fdelivery.com&amp;s=609b2d31420216f9eba23465871ae01c6c8912717f0ab28d274af73b53d57cc8" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">delivery.com</a> and the lady said the manager said if we dont like there food dont order from them. HOW RUDE! I never said the food wasnt good they just dont get it right the first time. I wont order from them again to much hassle.  This isnt the first time EVERYTIME something is wrong. Obviously the guys preparing the food dont read the instructions.	0
One star added for the solid tasting drinks but low points based on one bartender.  Okay, so sat at the bar one evening after work for happy hour drinks.  Happy hour ends at 5pm here folks, so don't bother getting there are any time after 5.  The bartender was singing to every song playing. Fine, I'm okay with that though that type of singing and informality belongs at TGIF.  Every drink he mixed, he would take out a spoon and taste it. Every single drink. Okay, quality control.... But this is what really bothered me.  He would like his fingers, after he cut a piece of orange peel (bitters) he would swirl inside the drink to infuse it with the flavor, lick/suck his fingers and then move onto the next drink with another piece of bitters he would like his fingers after slicing.  Lather, rinse, repeat.  I hope the management puts an end to this disgusting habit and soon.  I know you take a risk when you eat out but I don't want to see my server to that right in front of me.  Hope that is not an indication of what goes on in the kitchen.  for the time being, i think i will avoid this place.	0
Could it be any slower? The food was good and the recommendations on yelp were spot on. But even with the restaurant half empty the servers were inattentive and slow. If you're in NYC for a limited time, try somewhere else.	0
Never got there. Made reservations a month ago. Had taken both my 3 yr old and 11 month old to both Gothem Bar and Grill  AND Gramercy Tavern and had wonderful dining experiences as they are unusually wel behaved. One day before the dinner, they called to confirm and I reminded them that we needed one high chair. Response: " we have no high chairs." Online looked like right menu....clearly had wrong attitude. Daniel or Eleven Madison Park  we'd understand.   Vitae..we don't.	0
Service was good. Manager was rude and disorganized about reservations and food order. Fried oysters, fish with soba noodles, and scallops were ok. My companion had a fly in her drink.  They didn't even comp her drink. My companion ended up with food poisoning from eating her food.	0
This place felt like a bunch of processed food from the supermarket had been presented with creativity on my plate. The taste was not very impressive, quite mundane actually.	0
By far one of the worst dining experience's I've had to suffer through in New York City.  Looked at yelp ratings, 4 stars, not bad, pictures looked pretty good sure why not? Big mistake! The chic decor and their cocktails are the only things going for them.   This is the first time in my life I've been served COLD seared foie gras.  If you've have this dish frequently like I do, and is an avid fan you know this is NOT right.  My guess is it was sitting in the kitchen for a long time while they were waiting for the other appetizer we ordered to be ready?? So we all took a bite of the foie gras and instantly felt this disgusting after taste.  My girlfriends aren't as avid foie gras fans and I think this experience pretty much killed it for them.  We couldn't even find our server for 15 mins to let him know as our appetizers sat there half the plate full of cold foie gras.  Normally at a resturant of Vitae's level you would imagine that your server would notice something wrong and ask, "Is there something wrong or could I bring you something else instead?"  Because fellow yelpers, I've experienced real life servers who take the extra mile. Clearly do not expect that service here.  So I manage to speak to the manager and let her know.  She instantly said she would take care of this dish. That's good because I would never pay for a cold dish, especially if it's supposed to be "seared".  So we thought phew that's finally over with, hopefully the entrees are better! Guess what?? ANOTHER COLD DISH.  This time the Duck came out cold.... I just couldn't believe it.  Are you kidding me? TWO COLD DISHES in one night? On top of waiting between 20-25 min for our next dish with the plates set I was in shock.  To be honest cold dishes are only because the service isn't paying attention to when the dishes come out of the kitchen.   Truly the most disappointing meal in New York yet. Highly advise not to waste your time here.	0
I realize the consensus in the reviews for Vitae, but I couldn't keep my experience to myself. This review is not about the food. I spent over an hour at Vitae without getting remotely close to viewing a menu. It was my anniversary, and I booked a reservation through OpenTable. I arrived about 10 minutes early and was told that my table was not yet ready. Understandable, so we waited near the bar. About 40 minutes went by before I went back to check on our status. The hostess informed me that people were lingering and they were going to ask a few groups to leave. Good for me, bad for them -- and while I found it great they were being so aggressive to get me in, I wondered if they may talk about me at some point. Another 15 minutes goes by before I approached the desk again, and was eventually let to my table...IN THE BAR. Again, it's my anniversary and I have to say the bar isn't that great -- think diner booth. I requested to wait for the dining room and was taken back to the waiting area. The hostess, manager and a few other employees hovered over the computer and told me it would be about 15 MORE minutes before I could get a table, and also informed me that they accidentally sat someone before me with the same last name. Needless to say, I left. For some reason the 15 minute more estimate didn't seem realistic.  Staff: 5 stars Food: no idea Organization: COME ON! Very unfortunate. Given the other reviews, there must be something great about this restaurant, but I will likely never figure it out. If I have to give one piece of advice for reservations: specifically state that you do NOT want to sit in the bar.	0
We went there based off reviews that were decent. Started alright until our waiter took a long time to take our order. We ask some changes on some entrees since we had somebody with allergy. When the food came none of the requested changes have been made. Our server could not care less and hardly apologies.  Nobody ever checked back if we were doing ok. That would have been fine if the food was good but it wasn't the case.  Always slightly off, always with an ingredient added in top that had no reason to be here, no dish managed to convince us (black bass, agnolotti or the beef) I guess the restaurant is trendy hence people go there but food is far from being good and service was terrible. We mentioned it several times to our waiter. We did not have any discount, free drinks or anything as an apology. I would not go back for sure and you shouldn't	0
I have to say, I was no where near as impressed as many of these reviewers. My boyfriend and I went here before a show last night. Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere is lovely-very modern and chic. The service was very nice and the chef compliments like the rolls and grapefruit drink at the end of our meal was a nice touch.  However, the food was not up to par with how it was priced in my opinion. I got the lobster pasta dish and my boyfriend got the black pepper pasta dish. Both were very mediocre and so not worth $26! I dine out quite a bit and I am also very into cooking. I've eaten at many places in Brooklyn where the dishes are twice as delicious for half the price so on that note it was a very ok, not so great experience. If I'm going to pay almost $30 for a pasta dish, it better be out of this world amazing.  We won't be going back here. I'd like to spend my money on food that tastes better.	0
Not quite there.  Vitae is yet another restaurant failing in the new age American type of food category.  And like many others, it is not bad, but it is not great, especially given the price.   My husband and I made a reservation after reviewing the good yelp reviews and were looking forward to our experience. Our first clue should have been the location.  The restaurant is located near the more touristy parts of the city.  When we arrived for our 9 pm reservation, the place was mostly empty and there was not a soul at the bar.  The hostess was kind and quickly directed us to a lovely table.  Service was polite throughout although sometimes slightly on the slower side.  For our appetizers I ordered a special of artichokes in a butter wine reduction with lobster and my husband ordered the veal ricotta sliders.  Both were good, but neither was as good as they could have been, given their ingredients.  For our entrees, I ordered the scallops and my husband ordered the pasta special.  My husband's pasta special was quite good, with the sauce bordering on the rich side without being too rich. It was well put together. My scallops were properly cooked, but they could have used a better sear.  The sauce/garnish was again good, but not great.  Overall, it was a nice evening at a nice restaurant, but the food was just not that great. Additionally, while not terribly expensive, prices are on the higher side.  I would give it 3 stars, but considering missing the food mark in combination with the price, I am going to have to go for only 2.	0
Ate at Vitae for dinner in NY.  I had higher expectations considering the great reviews on Yelp.  We were disappointed in many ways.  Although we had reservations made on Yelp, we were seated 1 hour after the scheduled time.  No apology by the host.   It took another 10 min before a waiter came to give us menus.  I understand that the restaurant was busy but to completely ignore customers is unacceptable. We ordered drinks first and they were good.  Only reason for the 2 stars. The 4 of us ordered a bunch of appetizers and everything was overly salty and portions were surprisingly small.   Overall, the service is what kills the restaurant.  If you go for drinks, the bar is nice and the cocktails are fun.  Don't go there for the food or service.	0
Beautifully decorated but has a weird identity crisis kind of vibe. Not really sure if it's intended for the banker type or tourists or dates with your mistress. Good food. A little too fancy and banker-y for the casual dinner I had in mind but they gave us free to-go chocolate chip cookies on the way out.	0
I was not satisfied with the waiter, he did not seem interested......I had to ask for a drink multiple times along with waiting and watching him and the bartender help other customers.  I ordered the pork chop......was tuff to eat with the butter knife they gave me.	0
Saw all the great reviews and decided to visit.  From the moment we walked in, the service was snobby and disorganized. The dining room was fairly empty and we were seated at the bar. We were told the whole room was booked, but we were there for ~2 hours and it still was pretty empty. I was confused, as one of the main reasons I came here was because reservations for 2 were still open for the time slot we visited, and many places were booked for a Friday night dinner. I don't know if this was bad coordination on their part or if they just were giving us faulty service; either way, it's not good. On that note, the servers took a LOOONG time to pay attention to us; maybe because we were dressed in business casual and not in full suits? I don't understand what all the hype is about the food. The best part of the meal was the rolls they give you at the beginning. If I could imagine a taste for dirty socks, the risotto-ball amuse bouche would fit that taste. The chitarra I was given was undercooked (and NOT al dente) and the sauce was not well-composed. They gave us some type of ginger cookie to take home. That was average at best. I would recommend visiting another restaurant over this if you want a fulfilling experience. Fancy decorations do not make this restaurant worth the hassle.	0
We got here with high expectation following the 4.5 start rating but...what a disappointment. 1. Food:       a. Appetizers - we had the Grilled Lobster &amp; Corn Salad and the Tempura Prawns, the first was not more than OK the Prawns were barley eatable. And they ran out of the Duck Liver Pate      b. Entree - we had the Seared Diver Scallop and Risotto the Scallops were really ok (not worth $38) the Risotto - after one bite me and my wife looked at each other with disappointment, was really bad. We had to send it back and asked for the Gnocchi instead it wasn't match better but at this point we understood that this place is not what we hoped for and gave up..      c. Dessert - we really wanted to try one and hoped it will leave us with a better taste, but for more than 15min the waiter didn't even bother to come and ask us what we want, we ask for the check and went to a different place for dissert on our way home (Libertador), that was the best culinary decision of the night. 2. Service - It seem to me that most personal in the restaurant was actually very nice and wanted the meal to be good experience unfortunately our waiter was rude, not attentive at all and forgot to give us the complimentary bread in the start of the meal (probably the best part of the meal after we asked for it from a different waiter) 3. The caipirinha they made was good Over all - below average food, for a place with above average prices. This meal worth maybe $80 and not $170 as we paid there.	0
This is a centrally located restaurant with a clean and chic ambiance. The food itself is good but the menu is limited and as a new restaurant, there are too many teething pains and it was disorganized. For instance when we went for dinner we waited nearly 30 mins for dinner to be served. When it was eventually served, the orders were incorrect and had to be re-done. Finally, when we got the bill we were charged for drinks that we did not order. Also, beware, if you order the "small" portions, they are practically tapas style small plates, which seem a bit over priced.  However, the servers are warm and friendly, and perhaps if they get more organized this might be a place I'd reconsider. However, it felt like an unnecessarily long evening with too many hiccups that made things a bit awkward with our out-of-town guests.	0
The wasteland of GC station area dining is still just that .  Yelps  of vitae were pretty good so  thought ok, let's give it a shot. Very disappointed, miniature, over priced dishes. Heavy meat focused menu, Rolls were good, but duck fat coating was gross, do olive oil instead. Mostly tourists. Go to resette instead, far superior.	0
I had high hopes for Vitae based on the reviews. I started with an Ed's G&amp;T which did not disappoint.  We ordered the burrata as an appetizer. It was so-so. My friend and I both ordered the pork chop.  My friend's chop was undercooked. She sent it back twice. Mine was undercooked as well, but it wasn't worth sending back. The sauce lacked flavor. The kimchi fried rice was over powering.  They gave us a complimentary dessert to make up for the pork chop. I ordered the rhubarb strudel and my friend ordered the chocolate torte. They were fine, but not noteworthy. Overall I was underwhelmed.	0
Travel and eat in NYC all the time. I read a couple reviews of this place and thought it would be worth a try. Hostess was very nice. The pulled pork tacos are awesome!  Waiter was completely uninterested in his job or his work environment. He was BLAH! The entrees were meh at best.  Way, Way overpriced.	0
I thought this place would be a lot better because of the 4.5 stars reviews. The ambiance is beautiful. The space is modern and a great setting for a date. The bread was delicious. I didn't even know it was glazed with duck fat and sea salt until i read this page, because the waiter didn't mention it when i was being served. I got the pork tacos. It was good, but not amazing. As a main, the black pepper fettuccine was harder than al dente. The portions were small for the price. I don't usually mind small portions as long as the food is good. The side of roasted crimini mushrooms were ehhh. For the price and quality of the food, I would not return. Maybe only to sit by the bar and order a few cocktails. I haven't tried their cocktails, but they looked good.	0
Wow I am amazed that the owner/chef at fine dining restaurant would respond in such a rude way and call my review ignorant.  I gave an honest account of my dining experience at the restaurant.  Definitely skip this one.  Many great restaurants in the area to have to settle for greasy food, expensive and sub-par service as observed by the review by the owner.	0
Food was Ok I had the pulled pork app it was very bland and the scallopswere very   sweet.  Our waitress was great but since we were sitting at the table right in front of the wait station there was a male waiter who was F in this and F in that with a loud tone  not at all professional - lucky I was not his manager!	0
I may be part of the minority, but the food here was not memorable and with the price point close to 1 star michelin territory I was expecting quality close to that.  The decor is nice with high ceilings.  The crowd is a little older when we went.  Reservations arent too hard to come by, we were able to get a table for 4 the same day on a Sat. night.  They do have good wine, albeit pricey.  The food: we ordered the pulled pork tacos, fluke crudo, diver scallops as apps.  The seafood risotto, soy cod, pork chop as entrees, and the rosemary honey pana cotta and icecream for dessert.  We had to send back the risotto for being undercooked, and when they brought it back out it was still undercooked but we had already waited an extra 15 minutes so we just dealt with it.  The icecream dessert includes a trio of flavors, each day different.  But when they brought it out, 1 of the ice creams was already melted.  Other then these 2 mishaps the food was pretty good.  I just wished they could have better preparation, timing, and execution of their dishes.  Good concept however.  Will not be returning.	0
So exciting!  So much anticipation! So desperately needed!  So disappointing.  The fancy pants food court at the World Financial Center could have and should have been great. Instead it is mediocre at best. The mini restaurants run from awful to very good, with most in the fair-to-middling category. Here are some brief thoughts: Olive's -- acceptable, though soulless sandwiches.  Digg Inn -- relatively healthy veggies and roasted meats. Tasty but looks unappetizing. Ordering should be simpler. Staff is nice.  Skinny Pizza -- bizarrely disorganized pizza place. NYC cracked the code for quick, efficient pizza service back when Jesus Christ was in Pampers. Why on earth does it take these guys so long to serve a slice? Oh and the pizza sucks.  Mighty Quinn's -- good bbq but how much bbq can you eat? Num Pang -- Vietnamese sandwich shop. Meh.  Umami Burger -- greasy burgers a stones throw from Shake Shack? Useless. And so dark and sad! Little Muenster -- so much grilled cheese. I like their Cuban sandwich.  Chopt -- salad bar. Fine.  Dos Toros -- well run Mexican where everything tastes the same--bland.   Blue Ribbon Sushi -- Excellent. Best sushi in the area and very well run. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. I'm all for smashing all the other places and making Hudson Eats a vast Blue Ribbon Sushi.  Hudson Eats fills a need. Demand is strong in battery park city for good eats. Don't look at me like that, I mean it. This place does not satisfy demand. Except for the sushi. I'll take more of that please.	0
Dig Inn:  Lunch rush is crazy and busy...so I opted for the sandwich/salad line.  The person taking the order could not have been less interested in customer service.  No smile, no acknowledgement to my greeting, and after taking my order no words to let me know everything was fine.  At the very least she could have said, "thank you" or "your order will be right up".  But we're New Yorkers, so I don't expect that much.  Here's the kicker, 4 other people who ordered sandwiches after me received theirs before I received mine.  It was so bad that two of the people asked me if I had what they ordered thinking they mixed up the names.  No, I think the person just didn't place the order.  That's why I started with the customer service.  It can't take 4x as long to make one sandwich without any changes as it does to make other people's sandwiches unless the person doesn't put in the  order.  That's a PROBLEM.  It's the lunch rush and your customers deserve better than lunch orders that your staff forgets to place.  To be fair, once they realized the problem, they told me how much longer the wait would be and then apologized for the wait.  That's why there are 2 stars here, because someone (not the person who took my order) recognized there was a problem and tried to make it better.  Not enough, but something.	0
Went here for the bar on a Saturday night with a group of 5 friends. Upon entering Ichabod's, the RUDE HOSTESS suggested we go elsewhere because of the size of our party. We ignored the hostess as a couple that was sitting at the bar moved over to make room for us.  The bartenders did take good care of us and we did order great drinks. However we overheard another hostess discussing how we were "hogging the bar" with the same hostess from earlier. At this point we felt un welcomed, paid for our drinks and left. We were not happy with the host but bartenders made up for it. Will not go here again.	0
Excellent food and terrible service  Got there Thursday night  Approx waiting time was 30 mins but actual time was 90mins Took 50mins to get entrees after ordering  Charged for an appetizer that we got for free as complement for long waiting  Food is definitely so great  Good restaurant if you have plenty of time	0
Had Dinner there last night.  First let me say that i had a burger that was amazing and a dessert that was also amazing.  The food is good.  However i felt really unwelcome and unwanted there.  When i arrived i was not even given a heads up that they were busy and needed there guest to be in and out.  2 minutes after being seated without time to even look at the menu we were asked for our drink order.  we asked for a few minutes and 5 minutes later the waiter came back and again asked for our drink order.   This set the tone for the night with the server interrupting us ever 5 to 10 minutes asking us if we wanted to order something else or how was our food.  Finally after we finished dessert and i paid the bill i figured  we would be left in peace for a little while.  15 minutes later the manager/owner came over and said they had allot of reservations and we needed to leave.  The food was really good but the poor service and the feeling of being barely tolerated makes me not want to go back.	0
I came here for brunch on Saturday. The food was great, however the service was terrible. Our waiter was incredibly rude and that really killed the whole experience for us.  The tables are very tightly packed together, so it was difficult to navigate through the space and I constantly felt like I was in someone else's way.  The food itself was decent there was a nice variation on the menu. I had the southern breakfast which was savory, but mediocre. They advertise a bottomless drink menu that can come with brunch, but after one or two drinks, they seem to really skimp on the alcohol which was poor form in my opinion.  Had our waiter not been a total jackass, I would've given it a 3. Skip this place for brunch, there are too many better places to go...	0
I went here with my co-worker after work on  Tuesday (yesterday). We walked in around 6:15pm and the place was pretty much empty, with only one or two tables filled. I looked at my co-worker and jokingly said, "Do you think there's any open tables?!" We were also a little confused as to whether it was a "seat yourself" policy, or whether a hostess was going to seat us, but since no host was in sight, I look over to the bartender to ask if we could seat ourselves. He didn't say a word to me, but just held up his hand in a very snarky manner so as to convey the message for me to 1. stop talking and 2. not seat ourselves. I would have appreciated a kinder response, and one that involved actual words.  The hostess finally came over to seat us and she asked if we had a reservation. While looking at all the empty tables, we said "no". She seemed concerned and went to her computer screen to look for an open table. I could clearly see the screen that labeled which tables had reservations and which ones didn't (there were at least 2 that didn't) However, she said that we could be seated, but had to leave by 7:30 when a reservation was coming in. Although this annoyed me since I could see that not all the tables were reserved, we took her up on that offer since it was over an hour from then, which we felt was more than enough time to enjoy a few drinks and an appetizer.  The waitress then failed to give us the happy hour menus, almost tricking us into ordering off the full price menu.  Despite the bumpy start, though, our waiter was pleasant and attentive.   I ordered the chardonnay, but I think they gave me three different kinds of wines with each new drink I ordered. The wine got worse and worse with each glass.  We also ordered the tuna tartar and the flatbread, which were both delicious.  All in all, it wasn't a great experience. I felt like they were rushing us out the door and didn't want to bother giving us good service (with the exception of our waiter).  I likely will not go back.	0
This restaurant is more like a pub, very crowded and noisy but with a very interesting non-pub menu  I.e.  rack of lamb,  mushroom soup.  The surprise is how expensive. For four people  with drinks was almost $300. For these dollars we could have eaten in a fine dining restaurant with  excellent food. The service was very nice but the overall experience is not worth the money.	0
Where should I begin? Shall I start with the soggy bacon dripping with grease, or the pink, undercooked chicken? Maybe I should start with the painfully awkward and arrogant waiter. There is no craft or flavor put into the food. Extremely mediocre for the prices, they don't even have a kitchen- it's basically diner food so you'd be better to go to the greasy Ukrainian diner around the corner. My main issue here is that their sign out front is extremely misleading. It led my party to believe that one entree + unlimited drinks was $15, which was the main reason we decided to eat here in the first place. Turns out when we get our check, it's over double what we expected. They charged us for two $14 entree plus another $30 for our unimpressive mimosas and bloody Marys. Came out to $64-- UMMMM... try again.  The manager was extremely rude and uncooperative when we raised our concern. It was clearly a miscommunication on both of our parts. The advertisement/menu was so unclear, but we could have asked more questions to clarify. However, she wasn't about to budge on the bill. Until we made it perfectly clear that we weren't about to pay for something we didn't sign up for, at which point she knocked off one of the $15 endless drink charges. Atta girl. She didn't want us getting ratchet up in her dining room. And believe me, we were on the verge. Her sarcastic and condescending mannerisms were completely off-putting.  PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF FROM THIS DEVASTATING ATROCITY.	0
The bartender is aloof and insanely rude.  Food looks overpriced.  $21 for a Rigatoni bolognese?!?!?!? Don't bother, go down the street to Maialino.  Better food and better service. Now I can see what the place is usually empty.	0
The cheddar grits were decent and they made a veggie version of the meal (with well-prepared eggs over easy) by substituting a raw kale salad for the pulled pork. Nice of them to allow substitutions although would have been even more nice if there were more non-pork options on the menu --but that was my bad, since I saw the short, meat-centric menu before I came. However I wanted to order just biscuits as a side, and they charged me 8 bucks for two biscuits - the same as biscuits with sausage gravy but no gravy, only butter and jam. The jam was quite weak and flavorless - a thin red faintly-fruity kinda liquid. The biscuits were good, but not really four-dollars-a-biscuit good.  Atmosphere is a bit generic and the music was horrible - 90s power pop rock.	0
We have lived in manhattan since 1977 and have been to our fair share of restaurants, the good, the bad and the ugly. This dining experience was one of the all time, 30 year plus, WORST meals we have ever eaten in a restaurant..and it ain't cheap! The noise level is deffening, it is boiling hot and crowded. the service was amateurish and inexperienced. The wait for food abysmal. The menu uninteresting. The food..absolutely inedible. Crab louis salad could have been prepared in a korean deli for 1/3 of the price. The scallops were an over cooked, over caper salted mess. Inedible. The hangar steak was an embarrassment For dessert..a grilled donut, who would ever think of such a thing or a sundae with pretzels..what is this a four year olds birthday party. Just an awful place, stay clear..idiotic help to boot. Disgusting..stay clear	0
Food: 4 Stars.  Though the portions are small, the food is delicious.  Apple pork ribs were good, but the sauce didn't work for me - it felt too much like pork ribs that had been dipped in applesauce instead of a cohesive dish.  The squash dumplings were outstanding little pillows of awesome, but at six to an order, I wanted more.  The duck with polenta was another outstanding dish, and the portion for this would have been just right for one.  The leg was cooked perfectly, tender with a crispy skin.  I could not stop eating the polenta (and I am not a polenta fan by any means).  Fries were well cooked and seasoned - I think I spotted dill on them, which gave them a subtly different flavor.  Brussel sprouts got a rave review from my dining companion, who will be putting tomatoes in his now because he liked it so much.  (In response to the review down below, the tomatoes were clearly listed on the menu, so that's either a change from when that person dined, or they might have changed the menu in response to their review.) Service: 5 stars.  Our server was lovely - no issues with taking drinks, then appetizers and then dinner once we were almost finished with our appetizers.  She didn't hover, but always seemed to be there when needed. Drinks:  5 stars.  Outstanding cocktail menu - inventive and expertly made.   Noise: 1 star.  VERY loud - not only the noise level from diners and the music, but also the bass and other lower sounds from next-door Irving Plaza.  If you're at all sensitive to loud and/or random noises, there is a good chance this could ruin your meal despite how great the food, drinks and service are.  It's a shame, because this is something the restaurant simply can't control, but it definitely affected my meal. Space:  2 stars.  The space is decorated nicely, but the tables are entirely too close together, even for NYC.  The table next to us turned over once during our meal, which was a godsend as the prior couple next to us was entirely too loud and it was improved with a different, quieter couple, but still way too close for my comfort. Price:  2 stars.  Too expensive when the portions, space and noise are considered.  It's close to fine dining prices, but nowhere near a fine dining experience give the closeness of the tables and the random noise from Irving Plaza.   While we did enjoy our meal overall, we likely won't be coming back because of issues with the space and the noise.	0
Waited over 30 minutes even though they gave an estimate of 5 minutes.  Very disorganized at the front of the house.  Slow turnover.  Not really what you want after waiting in the cold for that long.  The interior is colorful but the bunching together of tables made the space feel cramped. The ceviche was terrible!  Squishy spongy blobs of seafood in citrus juice was not well executed.  The chicken was solid, but it was not worth the wait and not much better than above average.  My friend said it was just slightly better than what you could get from a grocery store.  I wouldn't go that far, but it was nothing special.  The best part of the meal was the simple avocado salad, excellently sliced (probably with a mandolin) with a well seasoned dressing.  If the salad is the best part, then I shouldn't have waited and gone elsewhere. I will not miss never going to this place again.  Maybe there aren't many options in that part of the neighborhood or why else would people put up with it?  If I needed a chicken fix from here, I just use delivery instead.	0
Love pio pio!   But this location has a very limited menu unlike the original one.  The staff is extremely rude last night and the place was freezing. There is only one aisle down the restaurant and they run down it like they are in the jungle.  Delivery people in and out.  Very unpleasant. Picture put a table in the middle of grand central and try and eat and order. Miserable experience...	0
I called this restaurant for pick up, and walked over while waiting for someone to pick up and take my order. I actually got to the restaurant thirty minutes after starting my call, and, unbelievably, I could see that my phone call had not even been routed to the front desk yet. This was after 30 MIN on hold!! In case that isn't the most ridiculously shitty service you've heard of, the take-out bag I was given was missing food that they had no problem remembering to charge me for. In sum, fuck this restaurant and its terrible service.	0
At the bequest of my wife, who had wanted to go for some time, and me being too tired on a Friday night to go far, we went to Pio Pio.  I wasn't particularly impressed. The bad, as it leads more eloquently onto the good: - It's dingy, the décor is limited at best. - The waiter dumped food on our table like it was a huge burden to him. - The food was moderate at best. I've eaten real Peruvian and this wasn't it. - I don't particularly trust a meal that is on your table two minutes after ordering.  - The constant through traffic of delivery people, coupled with a narrow restaurant, made it feel like a glorified take-away. I could give a moderate review based on all those things, even with the mediocre food. The crowning  turd in the water pipe was: - The long black hair I found in my chicken.  I'm out.  I very much appreciated the waiters sincere apology and his telling us the all the staff have hairnets (I have a food handling license - that's basic hygiene practice, well done for having basic hygiene practice) and having the meal on the house.  Still, hair is not something I want in my food, regardless of quality. The good! + The look of abject horror on my wife's face. I don't think we'll be going back to Pio Pio any time soon.	0
Summary: mediocre Peruvian cuisine for outrageous costs. Very limited menu as well. As far as the food goes, it is very mediocre. Coming from a huge Peruvian family, I know my Peruvian food. Needless to say it was pretty mediocre. The Ceviche was overcooked, some of the pieces were really tough and the taste was just okay. The Lomo was mediocre as well, nothing special about it. With all that said, the prices were outrageous! $24 for mediocre Lomo? I've been to too many peruvian restaurants in LA to know that that's outrageous. I would say the best part of this place was the green sauce, very tasty and not too spicy. Poured it all over the mediocre food.  All in all, I will not be back. My tias taught me to cook better food at a much cheaper cost.	0
My friends and I got food poisoning after eating here. Had a grade B from the health inspector, we should've known :/	0
I do not really have any problems with the food. It was alright. The worst part was that towards the end of our meal after we were done and was just chatting a little bit before leaving the restaurant, the server was in such a hurry to make us leave that he came and remove the table cloth and said "sorry guys, but I have another party waiting".  I understand that its a small place and its their job to accommodate customers who are waiting, but not at the expense of others who have already pain you money. We would have taken 3 more minutes and left but this guy was in too much of a hurry.	0
I like the rotisserie chicken very soft and tender that's about it the plantains were hard and not sweet the beans lacked flavour and the rice seemed a bit hard to me. My dog loves the chicken though and he is a picky eater so that's saying something .good value though you can get a meal for two for $20 I like the prices but does not compensate for the lack in taste	0
I'm Peruvian, I lived in NYC 8 years already, I love Pio Pio specially CEVICHE LIMEÑO, they do the best ceviche, just made before served, with natural lime juice, they just put a lit bit of that juice, that it's ok, since you can taste is natural..... But today I decide to take it to go..... THE WORST CEVICHE I'VE EVER TRIED, when I opened it was full of water, literally the pieces of fish were swimming in that "lime" water, they didn't use the natural lime juice like they are used to, it  was bottled lime juice (I know that because I use it to make the laziest lemonade) they put a piece of American corn instead of CHOCLO (Peruvian corn) I could accept that if it wasn't frozen corn, I've even could taste the ice!...  Since I took a taxi to go 5 min away from the restaurant I couldn't come back to complain about it. Please don't do that to your costumer, if I take to go doesn't mean I don't wanna taste good food, is because I just didnt have time to stay at the restaurant.	0
Ordered from Pio Pio.  Spoke to Karen.  She took our ordered and sent us an incomplete order.  I called them back and she told me that she will send the rest of the order to us, it arrived one hour later and again incomplete.  What should be very embarrassing to them, is that they sent the delivery guy and had him request that we send the beans back (that they substituted for another side order).  The delivery guy stood at the door waiting for us to give him the beans back.  If anyone is ordering from them, you should know that they might be delivering food to you that was sent to someone's home.  I work in an office that we order at least $150-$300 worth of food from them (catering) almost weekly.  That is very bad business!!!!!  I asked to speak to the manager and was told he is not available.	0
I would NOT recommend delivery. We have eaten in the restaurant and it's great. We just got delivery though, my girl friend is from Peru and said the chicken was dry and old..nothing was hot..we tried to call them but no one answered.	0
Service was terrible waited so long for salchipapas, idk how that would take so long but it did, for hot dogs and frozen fries that were salty , chicken came and chicken was super salty , so disappointed I'm surprised this place gets business with such salty food. I asked the waiter if they use msg on the chicken bc it had a weird salty flavor he said yes, a little for flavor. No wonder t took me forever to digest it.  Won't be coming here again don't like feeling bloated  from your msg flavored chicken. All in all everything was way too salty and greasy ,salad was too simple oh and sangria way way way too sweet , pio pio are you trying to give us diabetes and a bloated face?? Sorry took me a day too clean my system out from your food . Foodies beware .	0
Just tried to go to Pio Pio with my wife and 13 month old. The restaurant was completely empty besides 1 table with 6 people and a stroller. We tried to go in and the guy would not let us in stating they don't allow strollers in. My wife pointed out the other stroller and he says they are a family. Log story short we were turned away from a nearly empty restaurant because we had a stroller.	0
The food is AMAZING. Chicken: Yum. Sangria: Yum. Avocado salad: Yum Yum.  The service is bad. Rushing you through your meal; rude. Hovers over you when they need you to finish up. Mind you, I used to go there all the time, and I still do sometimes, but this is not a place to have a romantic date or go with friends you want to actually talk to. This is hurry eating and be on your way type place.  For the bad service alone, this location gets low stars. If you want to experience the good food with good service the Jackson Heights location is the way to go. OR you can order in (that's what I have been doing) but then you'll miss the sangria. Oh well.	0
Okay.. Pio Pio has amazing chicken . The place is very small and usually always packed . The staff is RUDE!! I don't know why but nobody in that place makes you feel wanted.. I Will occasionally order in because the food is good , but I will Never return.	0
The chicken here has always been moist and delicious (since I was  a more regular customer 7 years ago). Be wary, however. If you're in a party of 2 and decide to linger on a more crowded night, your food and Sangria high can be quickly diminished when they rush you out to make room for another party of 2. I think it's a little harder for them to usher out a larger party. This is my only critique of this place, but because of the experience, I actually don't think I'm coming back. Since part of my job is strategic planning, I would suggest creating a better relationship with repeat customers. Yes, I know Manhattan has a reputation of being too straightforward for its own good, but great customer service especially for high volume restaurants means being prepared for moments where you have to find a way to tell customers to leave a table. Several options are available aside from just taking their paper table cloth away while they are still lingering: 1. Be straightforward and honest about needing the table without being rude. Yes, it's possible. And no, we're no longer the New York City of the 1980s (or 1970s). 2. Foster a sense of community and you'll get better word of mouth recommendations (yes, it still exists. especially away from midtown). 3. Tell customers up front that there's a time limit for tables especially during dinner times. There's also other ways of handling situations. I don't normally make suggestions for restaurant reviews, but this is one of those restaurants that's had a longer life than most businesses in the area so I'm not only giving a critique but offering possible solutions.	0
Service is one of the worst i have ever seen in my life. Waited 15min to be greeted and i have a total of 1 glass of water during the dinner. For lomo saltado and peruvian chicken it is definitely way too over priced. Those are cheap, simple, family dish....... I admit that the vibe is a bit nicer than some over more traditional latino places on UES but it is not worth it. Def. not going back ever. So many better places within a 10 blocks radius...	0
Main reasons for the 2 star review: service was a bit slow, both bathrooms smelled like they've never been cleaned, let alone that day, we were cautioned that we had a 2 hour time limit as we were taking our time in ordering, extremely cramped setup. The food seemed good. We has a mixed seafood ceviche and plantains. The portions were large and we had some time to kill so wanted to see how hungry we were after that. I ordered a glass of wine and to the waiter we'd decide what sides we wanted with our full chicken. That's when he caution us that we only had 2 hours total. We'd only been there about 45 minutes at that point, and in part because service was on teh slow side. So we cancelled what we just ordered and left, being well within their 2 hour limit. The food we saw around us looked good but would not return.  We noticed a farm to table restaurant just south that looked great and we were kicking ourselves for not choosing that.	0
Good Stuff, But Great marinated rotisserie chicken at a great price, the rice and beans are very good and the avocado salad is excellent.  But, The staff is gruff and just seems miserable and I wish they weren't, maybe it's the tight walls??   Also the sangria has too much sugar and not enough wine. Order take out or delivery.	0
Service was terrible. Waiter essentially ignored us the whole time. Menu is much smaller then online. Chicken was good, but steak was very dry.	0
Not sure what the fuss is all about. Chicken was dry. Saffron rice didn't have saffron. Maybe some food coloring. Avocado salad was mundane. In all a very disappointing meal.	0
So before my family and I had wonderful experience with the food and delivery. But then the food started to get cold. On top of that what made my family really angry was that placed an order and one hour passed and we didn't get our food at all. I don't think we will be ordering from here ever again.	0
Place very small, service was bad no one came for 20min...ceviche wasn't tasty...	0
I'm not one to give bad reviews, but this place was horrible. I'll keep it short and simple to help you steer clear of this disaster. My girlfriend and I stopped in to grab some wine and a few things to eat and this tapas place... Service-awful. For those of us who don't speak the language, there are multiple items on the menu that need explaining. Our waiter eventually told us after ignoring us for 10 minutes as if it was a burden to explain the menu. Menu-I don't get it. there's maybe 8 things on the menu, and other then "ceviche", you can't possibly know what they are. Wait staff acts as if they shouldn't have to go out of there way to tell you what the items are. Food-awful. Let's be honest, I can put a couple pieces of sausage on top of a plate of fries too. We also got a seafood dish that was simply a bunch of junk thrown in a deep fryer. Overly fishy fish, full bodied little squids.  Overall-very dissapointing. This place was hyped up to me and I was very excited to try Peruvian cuisine. However, we were ignored, they acted as if we were a burden on them to serve us, and the food was a notch above long john silvers. Maybe it's just this particular Pio Pio, because people have told me good things...but I would 100% not recommend this particular establishment.	0
Everything but the chicken here is mediocre. I even got a flat diet coke on my visit. The tostones were inedible, avocado salad is borderline impossible to fuck up, water was fine, and whatever other sides we had were not eaten (by a group that rarely wastes).  The chicken is well flavored and not overcooked. Also because it is thigh meat it retains more moisture and flavor. The skin on my piece was crispy and good, my mom's was rubber. Pretty hit or miss. For all the hype surrounding this place, must say I was disappointed.	0
I'm not one to enjoy chicken drenched in salt. While the meat was tender, but it was just too salty for my tastebuds.  The ceviche was inedible. So much lime, and the seafood use was just incredibly not fresh and super chewy.	0
I'm giving them two stars because although their food is good WHEN YOU CAN GET IT, it'll take the patience of Mother Teresa and the determination of MLK to get a delivery. I swear, the president is easier to get a hold of than Pio Pio staff. I kid you not, I've waited on hold for over 45 minutes once without getting anyone on the line to take my order....I gave up and hung up after that. Before they got an answering service that automatically puts you on hold, their number would be busy for hours on end as though they left the phone off the hook. Now that they have an answering service it randomly either puts you straight to their voicemail box or on what seems like an endless hold. Another reason they deserve two stars, if you order delivery and pay by credit card, they require you to give them the three security digits on the back...sorry, but no thanks....besides being abnormal for a restaurant to require, i would never trust that staff with those numbers.	0
Peruvian rotisserie-chicken empire Pio Pio is the latest to be hit with what attorneys at Fitapelli &amp; Schaffer hope will be a class-action NYTimes article:  I want my favorite restaurants to respect the food and people, you decide.  lawsuit for failure to pay minimum wage and overtime. According to the complaint, which you can read below, nine employees who  worked as servers and bussers at some of the chain's nine locations were illegally required to pool their tips and pay for the cleaning of their uniforms -- their wages are said to have been docked for walkouts and breakage. "Unfortunately," reads the complaint, "Augusto Yallico, the owner of the Pio Pio restaurants, has decided it was more important to expand the popular chain and line his own pockets than abide by federal and state age and hour laws."	0
Very Very small place maybe 10 tables total, food was decent but very limited menu choices.	0
Ridiculous!!! I ordered food from here once a long time ago and it was fine-not too special in my opinion, but edible. Today I ordered food, and they managed to bill my credit card and tell me it would be delivered in 25 minutes- it is now one and a half hours later, and the food is not here and they will not answer the phone. I have had to call a separate pio pio location and now they are trying to figure out what is going again. NEVER AGAIN will I eat food from here. Never.	0
I hate this place. The menu is limited.  I've been to South America before, and ventured around Peru.  The food at this restaurant is garbage.   I've been a vegetarian for 17 years, and when you go to a place, in New York City mind you, and can only order fried plantains or an avocado salad off the appetizer menu, then this will automatically be a blacklisted restaurant.   It was overpriced and overrated.	0
Service is ok, food is bad, and when I tell you is Average, I was going to give it a two start, but because is so expensive for what you get, I am giving one.  It really disapoints me how NY does not have a real peruvian chicken place (or maybe I have not discover it yet). An how some yelpers talks about Sangria in a Peruvian place. Sangria is a spanish drink. If you want Sangria, go to a Tapas bar. If you have are really want to taste peruvian chicken, go to La Granja in South Florida, or perhaps in Aruba, I wish I had the money to open a franchise of La Granja in NYC, with an economy like this, a great chicken for that price will make anyone rich <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lagranjarestaurants.com%2F&amp;s=99fa1d553e364fa2d179589104d5682f60857857d70de9bd2cd780632aecf4c0" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">lagranjarestaurants.com</a>  Oh, and I forgot, there is a chicken place with better chicken two blocks away, its called Chicken Stop, or maybe you could get a better chicken at the food emporium	0
I wanted to order delivery from here but they left the phone off the hook and were not taking orders that night. So, we walked over to 1st only to find the line of people out the door at the tiny restaurant. So we tried the next night for delivery. This time they decided to pick up and take our order. But i Just dont get it the food was good but overhyped by Yelpers. The chicken is good, yes. The green sauce is also quite good but thats about it. The salchipapas, fires with the hot dogs, is nothing more than greasy hot dogs and soggy fires and the tostones had any flavor fried right out of them....	0
Come on, are the people reviewing this place without taste buds. The chicken's flavor was ok but the skin was slimy and rubbery the side dishes were terrible. I could have used the Tostones as Hockey Pucks and the dipping sauce that came with it was spoiled. After reading these reviews I have to believe that either the Owners friends are writing in or we have just come to expect inferior food .	0
I have eaten at Pio Pio a few times.  It was a busy Sunday night and we were seated quickly.  We ordered the Matador combo.   I suddenly realized that I wanted to switch out the tostones for the maduros.  The waiter just looked at me and said, "Your order might be ready.  You can't change it once the order is out."  Then he proceeded to walk to the front of the (shoebox small) restaurant instead of going back to the kitchen to see if it was ready.   My guest and i decided to order a side order of maduros since we  both do not like tostones.  A different server apologized many times and brought us the maduros.  The rude waiter proceeded to avoid our table like the plague.  He didn't even refill our empty water glasses.  I will never eat there again and this is the first time I did not leave a tip.	0
I was so eager to try this place since it's right down the street and relatively cheap for a whole chicken.  Unfortunately, I've been calling this place nonstop for almost 45 minutes with a constant busy signal.  Time for a second line...or how about call waiting? **** Now, for the past fifteen minutes, the phone has been ringing...and ringing....and ringing....   I can't imagine this place is closed for Easter Sunday, but if it is, it's time to invest in an answering machine to let your customers know.  I'm giving up on this place for the night because it's raining, and I don't feel like walking down there.  This isn't a good start, though. *** Several weeks later:  I was able to get through without a problem.  The lady taking the order was very nice.  I was quoted 30 minutes, but the food actually took 45 minutes to arrive.  Apparently, the delivery guy couldn't find my apartment -- something that hasn't been a problem with any other delivery guy in the past six years.   Anyways....I ordered the much-talked-about chicken, along with a side of sweet plantains.  The chicken was greasy and nothing special.  The plantains were not cooked properly.  For $10, it was certainly a good buy -- had the food been good.  And to top it all, it's either cash or American Express?  Sorry, Pio Pio, but I think this will be your last chance with me.	0
I absolutely LOVE Cooper's!   Great drinks for all tastes (craft beer, craft cider, full bar)- Check. Awesome atmospher- Check. Friendly service- Check. Good crowd- Check.	1
Came here with the office and everyone noted that this was one of the better spots out of all the Chelsea bars they had tried so far.  I was shocked to see it somewhat crowded at 5p on a Thursday (this is when their Happy Hour drinks and food starts)...I thought we would have more room to spread out but they didn't open the back room until 6p and about 20 of us were stuck trying to stand in the narrow passageway by the front bar.  We ordered the Thursday special, $4 pork belly buns which were saucy and spicy. Wish there was more pickled vegetables on top and thought it was a little expensive for a 'special deal'. If you wanted to actually eat, you'd probably have to order 4-5 of these and end up spending around $20.  The fries here need a lot of work...they were super plain, kinda fat, and not crispy enough. My coworkers loved the beer selection here though and the Happy Hour special ($5 for beer, $7 for wine) was pretty good.  Am eager to come back on a Monday to try the $1 fish tacos though. And then come back to Yelp to taco about them.......................................	1
Brunch at Cooper's was great. We were looking for somewhere in the Chelsea that wasn't already overspilling with people and just when we thought all hope was lost, Cooper's came to the rescue.  Their lunch/breakfast is great, coffee or tea + a lunch/breakfast dish + mimosa, bloody mary or screwdriver. All for 17.95, heck yeah! Food is delicious and with drinks it's even better. Love the rustic laid-back environment, and service was friendly ontop of everything. Food came very quickly, which was great since we were starving.  You're doing good Cooper's, hope it stays a little more hidden than the other spots so I can chance on a walk-in brunch again.	1
Everything was delicious! We got the crispy artichoke salad, smoked trout pate, fish tacos and mushroom flatbread. Everything was perfect, brought out quickly and our waitress was very nice and attentive. I want to go back to try the amazing sounding grilled cheese and #16 cider on the draft list. I had a sample and it was very good. I recommend trying this restaurant!	1
This is my new go-to neighborhood bar, no question! The beer selection=amazing, the decor=awesome, food=great. I was so happy! I went their on Friday night with a friend who is also from the Midwest and we felt right at home there. There are about 20 beers on tap so us Cheeseheads had plenty of beers to choose from. I got their Friday special, fish and chips, but changed out their chips for french fries so I felt like I was really home with a Midwestern fish fry. It was so good! The batter on the fish was great and light and their homemade tarter sauce was so good i was using it as dip for my fries as well! We also got the mac and cheese curds which is mac and cheese with fresh squeaky cheese curds mixed in. It was delish! For those cheese curd connoisseurs like me, you could definitely taste the squeaky-freshness.  Definitely try this place out, but actually maybe don't so I can just come there whenever I feel like and make it my own "Cheers."	1
Came here on a Monday night and had the fish tacos special ($1 each). They were amazing!!! Purchase of a drink required to have the special. Could be non-alcoholic. I ordered a hot chamomile tea. Highly recommended!	1
So glad this restaurant is in the neighborhood. I'm always struggling to find a great place to unwind after work or bring friends on the weekend. Cooper's has a solid mix of cocktails and a big beer selection, along with surprisingly upscale food. They have the usual wings, burger, bar food, etc - but there's also a bomb chicken dish, a cauliflower "steak" with cous cous (which seems to be the trendy healthy dish of the moment), and my friend had the salmon, which was pretty tasty as well.  I'll definitely be coming back. Great place to drink beers with friends or take a casual date.	1
Came for late night food after a movie after looking at what's nearby at Yelp. Tried Fish Tacos, Crispy Artichoke Salad, Wild Mushroom Flatbread, Smoked Trout Pate. Food came out quick and tasted fresh. Would definitely come back!	1
Very nice and friendly staff!	1
YUM - delicious, fresh sushi. Great service and a very clean space. So glad this little gem is located in the heart of the theatre district where a fast, affordable and yummy meal is always appreciated. We will be back again and again!	1
We stepped into this place by accident. Greatest stroke of luck on a rainy day I've ever had. It's early, noon on a Tuesday. Two folks sat at the bar. We helped ourselves to a seat and ordered coffee. THIS IS REAL COFFEE. I mean, freshly brewed frothy fresh coffee-- just divine. The bartender is charming, sweet, quickly paced, well informed on the menu. I ordered a grilled cheese and fries, Michael ordered soup and sandwich. We flipped out. The food was truly first class, epic, gourmet. A chill, completely perfect soundtrack played overhead the whole time. Great music, great prices, and food and drinks that are well above average. We saw they have a great drink menu as well. We will absolutely be back for more. What a terrific find!!!	1
One of my favourite spots in the city! Cooper's has become my local in Manhattan. Each time I visit there is a list of new beers which blow me away. The interior makes you want to hug everyone in sight. The food's delicious, the atmosphere is top notch, and the staff are the nicest I've found. Mark's an absolute gent behind the bar and the rest follow suit. He makes a devastatingly good 'Old Fashioned', but try the 'Jalapeno Margherita' and you'll be handing out high 5's for the rest of the week. 5 stars. D'lish all-round.	1
I came here in a horribly bad mood so may have set the place up for failure. But, it ended up being wonderful. I loved the beer options and didn't even know where to start to chose one. I ended up choosing a sour off the menu, something that a lot of places do not offer. The food menu was also extensive. We started with mac and cheese and mussels, both amazing. I had the cavatelli for my meal but felt that there was a little too many brussel sprouts, which I should have inquired about first. If this is your thing, then you would like it! But it really was the main flavor of the dish. This restaurant is in a great location and can function as a dinner, going-out, or presuming spot. The atmosphere is great and I would definitely recommend it.	1
We needed a place like coopers in the neighborhood for a while.  This is my default on a night where I want good food and a great beer.  Their rotation is frequent and the descriptions of the beer are spot on.  My favorite is $1 fish tacos on Monday nights! Other favorites are the Mac and cheese and the pretzel sticks with the cheese sauce.	1
The owners of this place are serious about their food, beer, hard cider, and the service.  Top marks for all.  I asked for my fish tacos gluten free - and they were super accommodating. And it is an amazing space.	1
This place is awesome. I'm only giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because we had to wait a while for our table. The beer selection is great. The wine is excellent and fairly priced. I'm partial to the pastas but my bf loves the steak. We will be back again.	1
My new go-to neighborhood bar.  Great beer selection, service and ambiance.  Food is pretty good too and it gets busy around 7pm and really busy (and loud) at 9-10pm.	1
Food was delicious! Staff extremely friendly. Service was awesome.....Would definitely return! Prices were reasonable and the ambience was great. I'd recommend dining upstairs... View was petty great.	1
I had a great time at Cooper's. The house draft beer is excellent. There is also an impressive selection of drafts to choose from. The decor of this place is really interesting, with an inviting bar in the front and a spacious restaurant area towards the back. It is the perfect place to meet friends; I'll definitely come back to try some other beers.	1
decent place. just had cabarnet which was good quality. havnet tried their food. ambience isnt bad-cozy with dim lights. area is fine not my area to hang out.	1
Great spot! I was visiting from out of town and loved the extensive selection of craft brews and the food that comes out of that kitchen is amazing! Make sure to get there on a Monday for the $1 fish tacos and you won't be disappointed. Great spot to meet friends for a drink after work and stay for dinner! If your a fan of IPA's grab the CO-OPERation IPA it's a favorite. Also that spicy margarita is a refreshing twist on a classic.	1
Great selection of draft beers and ciders, awesome ambiance and good food options! Open late, new hot spot in chelsea!	1
This is a very welcome addition to the 8th avenue stretch in Chelsea. Food has been great three times over and the service is on point every time.  They also redid the entire restaurant so it has a really comfortable, warm feel to it.  Definitely recommend the grilled cheese and tomato soup for cold night, so incredibly delicious.  Mac N Cheese Curd is right up there with the best I've had in NYC, make sure to ask for it with bacon!  Props to this place and I hope they do awesome.	1
An exciting new restaurant!  The restaurant is sleek and modern with beautuful style.  Incredible selection of craft beers. Fish tacos were delicious, generous portions, as was everything we ordered. Server was friendly and attentive, offering suggestions. Looking forward to trying so many choices from the varied menu Can't wait to return with friends!	1
Loved it! House made cavatelli and tater tots were delicious. Wait staff was super friendly and accommodating.  Lots of great options for vegetarians. Definitely will be back!	1
I love coopers east village and was excited to learn a coopers opened near my office, brought some coworkers for happy hour and it did not disappoint. The decor gives you a feel good feeling, they changed the big Mack to a lil Mack slider trio which I enjoyed. We shared that, the poutine, and some fried chicken, all excellent. This will be our new happy hour spot for sure.	1
I stumbled upon this place, with a colleague.  We were looking for a place to grab a quick drink and then we stayed for dinner.  I fell in love with friendly staff,  the cozy decor, the back ground music of familiar favorites and then was pleasantly surprised by the food.  This is a solid spot the neighborhood needed, open for both lunch, and dinner and is perfect  for meeting up with friends for a drink (their craft beer selection is extensive). As for food I ordered the cauliflower steak and it was delicious, offering something both healthy and filling is hard to do and they killed it.  Cant wait to come back for more!	1
Love this place! Such a great addition to the Chelsea neighborhood. I took a group of friends for dinner on a Saturday night and we had the best time. The food is delicious - one of the best burgers I've had in the city, lots of vegetarian friendly options, a extensive charcuterie and cheese list and oh my goodness, don't pass up the house-made tater tots! After dinner, we stayed for the DJ and continued the night posted up at the bar. It was so nice having everything under one roof. We'll definitely be back!	1
The restaurant has a wonderful atmosphere and a cozy decoration.  We went there for lunch and the truth is that we had a nice experience. The place was clean and the staff was kind and helpful.  In terms of food, they offer a short but nice selection of Italian wines and both pasta and meat were amazing.  The only downside is that all the dishes were small and you probably need to order some appetizers.	1
Friendly staff, delicious food, and affordable wine?  Yes please. Started with the whole artichoke for a first course.  Done perfectly, this brings me back to my childhood and Sundays where my brother and I would fight for the last leaves with the last bit of stuffing.  For an entree had the bucatini amatriciana,  One of the best I've had in the city, so many restaurants try to do this dish and very few nail it, even fewer the way Tre Otto does. Also had a bottle of Barbaresco, the price was incredible for the quality of this wine.	1
We were first timers last night, and sat at the bar.  Our super friendly bartender, Doris, served us up yummy cocktails, as well as great suggestions for dinner. Definitely a great spot on the Upper East Side!  Everybody was so nice- Super enjoyable evening!	1
It's such a pleasure that this restaurant has reopened. It was truly missed. The staff is very friendly and greets you with a smile and great service continues thru the meal.  They've added a full bar and the food and wine selections are great.   Glad that you're back. Best wishes.	1
You can feel here a cozy Tuscan atmosphere. The service is attentive and gentle. They serve pizza but is somehow disappointing.. They have big salads (Seinfeld's style, Elaine's favorite!).	1
I was very sad when the original place had to close due to a fire. I'm very happy to have them reopen.  It's nice to have a fine dining establishment near the hospital.  Sometimes you're just in the mood for a solid meal and ambiance.  True Otto has the BEST paninis. I've loved them for the past 4 years and will keep eating them!	1
Live around corner. Tried it. Finally a great local restaurant.  Food and service was fantastic	1
I had very nice time here. I had very good salad to start,  ( It was very big and delicious ) and than I had pasta with pesto also fabulous ,I didn't have space for dessert but next time I will try a tiramisu, it looked awesome .very glad of my choose, I will be back for sure	1
very good..	1
I love Italian food, and the ravioli I had here was phenomenal. Atmosphere is very nice, and the waiters are super nice and polite. Definitely recommend stoping here for a bite.	1
I'll give them 5 stars for comfort and congeniality which is 50% of the overall experience. The food is great and fair priced as is the wine list with a full bar now. I was here through the old and more than welcome the new. Good luck. We needed you:))	1
I am so glad that Tre Otto reopened, and in a space much larger than before (right next door).  This is a very handsome space and the food is excellent.  It was nice to see that some of the former wait staff have returned, and the owners are very friendly and welcoming.  We went on a Friday night during the first week of reopening.  THe pizza and pasta were top notch.  Looking forward to sampling each item on the menu (as I had when they were previously opened).  Although this is a great neighborhood gem, it wold be worth the uptown trip for all the downtowners.  Because it was the first week open, I will not take stars off for slow service...I think as a team they all are still working on their timing and 'getting into their grove'.  Drinks took forever, food took forever, and main courses came out before the first course was even half completed.  However, I am sure that these kinks will get worked out.  Also, being a bit delayed on off time is a small price to pay for having this great restaurant return to our hood.  I suspect that very shortly the service will be in-sync with the wonderful food.  This is an amazing place, and if you come during their newness--cut them some slack if the service isn't perfect--focus on the food!  Welcome back Tre Otto!  Oh, last major point--it appears that they have a full liquor license now, and the bar area where you can dine looks like a warm, cozy and social place to sit.  Will have to try that out when not dining with my son.	1
Had a great business lunch here today. My very close friend Al is now the GM here. We go back a long way, and his new place does not disappoint.  I started with a few Merlots at the bar. Full bodied and mellow. Once at the table, myself and my colleague had a bowl of Pasta Fagiole. Perfecto!  The chef himself came out and told us about the dish as my colleague is a big fan of it. I believe the chef knew we were coming. I had the Vitello Romana as my main dish. Fantastic. Veal cutlets encrusted with prociutto served in a light brown sauce with capers, olives and artichokes hearts. Also, perfectly done roasted potatoes as well as a bed of sautéed spinach. All the flavor profiles were there and reminded me of my trip to southern Italy. Great lunch size portion as well. I closed with a port and expresso, and even had a pistachio gelato.  A nice touch was the small cookies that came out almost as we ordered dessert.  Stop by if you are in Sutton Place, or make a special trip. The room itself is classic yet with a modern feel. Large, with a special private room in the back.  Va Bene!	1
I also like my fellow Yelpers went here on a business lunch.  I have to say this is a great place to have a classy, upscale Italian meal. Everyone I was with enjoyed their food very much.  Whenever I'm out having Italian, and it is on the menu, I always get baked clams.  That's what I call my "judgment dish"...my go to dish by which I judge a restaurant.  I evaluate a great Italian place in part by their baked clams, and Amata did not disappoint at all.  Their baked clams are great. I then had the tagliatelle con zucca for an entrée.  Another great pasta dish.  The pasta was fresh, the sauce was delicious and it came with a healthy amount of mushrooms which brought a lovely earthiness to the sweetness of the zucca sauce. I just wish we had room for dessert as there were two types of soufflés on the menu.  I would have loved to have tried them. All in all, whether in the area for dinner or lunch definitely recommend for upscale Italian.	1
Good Food.. Service OK.. Would definitely go back.	1
This is a very good Italian restaurant. Food is delicious and you have too many options. Giuseppe my server helped me a lot to make a vegetarian pasta for my girlfriend(out of the menu). They accommodate everyone. Wine was very good too. Stuff is very friendly and feels like you are having an experience right in Italy. I'll go back soon definitely.	1
Combo of 3 guys from the palm,  dorians and enzos of Arthur Ave,  a must try!  The mussels with marinara sauce was incredible.  Try this as a starter and you can't lose. Tip: They will make you any dish you want. Just ask for it!	1
Amata is an excellent choice for semi-formal dining with a range of Italians options. I ate here last week with my family and I was not disappointed! We had four different pastas, from tagliatelle to cavatelli and each was as good as the next. The service was great, all the staff were welcoming and knowledgeable and the food was really good. Loved the food here, specially the seafood salad and calamari in sauce for appetizers. The wine I had was wonderful and desserts were excellent. Overall, we had a great time. Would go back again with my loved ones any time!	1
We ate here last week with my family and were not disappointed!  The service was great and the food was really good!  Loved the seafood salad and calamari in sauce for appetizers. Desserts were excellent as were the main courses especially the fish. The wine we had was wonderful. I would have given 5 stars however one of the main courses was very late. They gave us a drink due to the delay however taking off for that dish would have been more appropriate. Overall we had a great time and the food was great. Would go back again!	1
Wonderful authentic Italian gem. Four of us dropped in on Amata quite late on a Friday evening and they were fabulously welcoming and it was an all around excellent experience. We enjoyed the burrata (sp?) and the grilled octopus as appetizers. The exceptionally flavourful heirloom tomatoes made the burrata extra special and the grilled octopus was tender and tasty. Within our group we had four different pastas - from tagliatelle to cavatelli - and each was as good as the next.	1
Amata is an excellent choice for semi-formal dining with a range of Italian options, both traditional and updated. A few highlights we had were the octopus starter and the ragu pasta. All the food was fantastic, and all the staff were welcoming, friendly, and knowledgeable.	1
Great food. Really good service. Loved the baked clams, pasta and wine. I'll defiantely return!	1
Amata means "loved" in Italian and that is exactly how you will feel from the moment you walk in until your last delicious bite at this new Italian restaurant on East 56th Street. My colleagues and I came here for a fortifying meal on the coldest night of the year after being summoned by none other than Big Al Serpagli undoubtedly one of the top maître d's in all of NYC, known to everyone from his days at the Palm. Instantly recognizable and always gregarious, Al greeted our group with a hearty welcome and a glint in his eye as he ushered us to our table. Our friendly and attentive waiter gave us a few suggestions before Chef Enzo came out to greet us and further discuss our selections for the evening. It is always fun to meet the chef and talk directly to him about the food he is about to prepare, it gives you a better connection with what you are about to experience. We started with the octopus salad which was perfectly cooked and simply seasoned, with just a hint of citrus acidity, allowing the fresh and delicious flavor of the tender cephalopod to properly present itself to our palates. We also shared the Calabrese meatballs formed of veal and beef, with peppers and onions, which were very nicely seasoned and better than most you will find in the city. For our main courses we shared a brontosaurus sized veal chop stuffed with spinach, prosciutto and mozzarella with a mushroom sauce which was simply out of this world and enough to feed 3 people. We also shared a pasta dish, the pappardelle with crab, peas, tomatoes in a lobster sauce, a unique plate which I don't think I've ever had served anywhere else.  Once again, there was not a single false note as the flavors of the fresh pasta blended seamlessly with the remaining ingredients in the dish. I loved how the crab balanced and complemented the more rustic portion of the plate.  The complimentary biscotti and Sambuca were a classy touch and a nice finish to as fine an Italian meal you will have in the neighborhood. I intend to update this review when my colleagues and I return to Amata to sample the remainder of the menu as we will surely do! In the meantime, this is a must try if you love classic Italian food like I do. *nota bene: the sign outside still says "Fiorini" but don't be confused you are at the right place.	1
Gorgeous menu, elegant service, and a fabulous happy hour bar. The calamari, meatballs and octopus are musts.  Just reopened under new management and it's the quintessential New York neighborhood restaurant. Loved it.	1
Had dinner at Amata, which was formerly Fiorini. The new menu is much expanded to include more Italian classics and the food was exceptional. Healthy wine pour and grown up size cocktails.Friendly reception and excellent service with obvious oversight by the new owner/ management. Clean, spacious dining room, where diners can actually chat and hear the conversation. A smooth transition from Fiorini to Amata. A wonderful experience that I heartily recommend.	1
Fiorini's is under new management. The new chef specializes in southern Italian dishes and the new menu has all of the favorites. Three years ago we ate there a few times but the menu was like every other "international" style menu. The dishes weren't special enough to make up for the typical offerings so we didn't go back, even though the restaurant was closer to us than any other in the area. One Sunday night in early January on our way back from dinner elsewhere, we were surprised to see the lights on and diners inside. A note on the door said that the restaurant would be open on Sunday nights, which is our favorite night to eat out. Prices were comparable to other Italian restaurants in the midtown-East area. The lasagna special was delicious and the ricotta cheesecake was superb. We were told that on Sunday nights there will be both a la carte and family-style service. Great to know when our niece comes to town with her four children. The wait staff under the new owners is the same as before, courteous and attentive. The new Fiorini's is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.	1
Outstanding, food is amazing, and you can bring your own wine bottle there so it makes it very affordable which is a plus. Ambiance is very comfortable, shame I live too far. It clearly is a diamond in the rough.	1
Charrua is a gem, especially in the bar heavy lower east side. They accommodated our large table with a short notice reservation. The ambiance is very cozy and beautiful, with candles lighting the tables and string lights on the walls. The appetizers took some time to arrive but they did well with it byob bottles. It's four stars just because of slower service and also that some of the food is a better deal than others. The sandwiches are big with a side of fries, but the platter for two was a bit too small, with just a few pieces of meat each and with no salad or bread included. All in all though, a great place to check out for a classy atmosphere and a new food experience ;)	1
Fish of the day was Salmon - delicious! No idea what they put in the side sauce but it's incredible!!	1
This place is very good and has great atmosphere!  You have to bring your own booze fyi. Try the empanadas and the breaded chicken it's so good!	1
Just had lunch there.  Charming and relaxed environment.  The churrasco con chimichurri was well prepared and yummy.  It was skirt steak served with arugula, fries and a lemon chunk.	1
I absolutely love Argentinian and Uruguayan food, and it doesn't get much better than this. I loved the humita empanadas and of course had to have the churrasco. Really cute and cozy dining room, and lovely service. You can tell the owners really took great care in creating this restaurant, down to the soap in the bathroom! I couldn't stop smelling my hands! My only wish, is that there was flan to end the meal! Not that I had room left to eat any. Can't wait to come back with friends!	1
Best meat sandwich (chivito) in town! Great food and service for a very low price, perfect combination!	1
Went here for V-day. It's a very quaint and cozy place. It's BYOB. They have a great price point with a great ambiance perfect for a date or a group with your friends.	1
Really good food here. I had beef empanadas, chorizo and churrasco. Everything was fresh and delicious. Good service. They kept asking us if everything was ok and refilled our water like 3 times. I would definitely go there again.	1
A neighborhood surprise. We came here last minute and it was fantastic. The owner was accommodating and pointed us to the best dishes on the menu. Carrot soup, croquetas, empanadas, grilled steak and chorizo that will make 2 hours seem like 20 minutes. Give this LES spot a try, you won't regret it.	1
Let me start by saying I'm from Uruguay! This place is great. Fresh ingredients and food with a ton of flavor. The chivito is the most incredible order you can get here! It's traditional and well made. The steak is so soft it melts in your mouth! The empanadas were very good too as well as the chorizo. Order the chivito Classico you won't be disappointed!! Great service and good prices!	1
Walked by the place a couple of weeks ago and decided to try it last night. Food was solid - the steak with chimichurri was very good, empanadas were very good, the queso dip was just okay. The vibe of the place is great (cozy and authentic, and the service was also terrific. And the thing that really made it go from a 4 star to a 5 star is that it's BYOB. Somewhat rare in NYC and a nice bonus to trying a new place at an affordable cost. I imagine that this place will get better and better the longer it is open. Good luck to them!	1
It was very Good!	1
Just had a great experience at this new Uruguyan bistro on the Lower East Side. You must try their Chivitos! Huge steak sandwich with melted cheese, ham, bacon, egg, tomato, lettuce, and olvies. Wow! I will definitely come back! My friend also had excellent empanadas and grilled squid. Highly recommended newcomer!!	1
chivitos are the way to go here. currently byob	1
I went for dinner on a Friday night with some friends and we had an amazing experience. Being locals from the LES, a neighborhood with such overwhelming offer, we are always in search of hidden gems. And this one is! This Uruguayan place has been open for less than a month replacing what it used to be the location of a not very successful late night Latin tapas bar. The place has been entirely redecorated by the new owner (of course, native from Uruguay!) becoming a very cozy and welcoming spot for both dates and larger parties. The staff was extremely accommodating (we requested a different table with no problem) and very informative with the menu, which features traditional Uruguayan dishes. We shared a few appetizers: mushroom and ham croquetas, albondigas, empanadas... All of them simply delicious! Being very familiar with these particular Hispanic dishes, I can tell they are not only authentic, but home made and done with care. For the main course, we shared a very generous platter with chicken and steak (1 platter for 2 people works). The steak was on point, tasty... Perfect with the chimichurri sauce. We finally had the dulce de leche flan and the chocolate sausage for dessert to complete this fabulous meal. We didn't try the sandwiches but they looked amazing from what we could see, and again, very generous portions. On top of this, the place is really inexpensive for such quality. Great experience overall!  We will be back!	1
This is a brand-new place on the Lower East Side on Essex between Houston and Delancey, easily accessible on the F-train. I ended up taking my friend here for her birthday when the original place we were going had closed.  The place was very comfortable with a great vibe, food was quite good and the service quite affable. I ended up having the grilled squid appetizer which had a really nice meaty sauce and my friend had the onion soup, then we both had the ravioli of the day, which was a ravioli with smoked mozzarella and a really nice tomato-based sauce.  We tried both the deserts, a chocolate mousse (good but had an odd salty topping) and the flan with dulce de leech was fantastic!  Bill ended up coming to roughly $100 with tip but that was for a full meal with apps and desert and we had a pleasant meal.  They don't have their liquor license which is a little bit of a drag because they have all these bottles on the wall teasing us, but I definitely would recommend the place if you're looking for something a little more exotic on the Lower East Side.	1
This bar was fabulous! Mike and I made this a destination pick before our Passover Seder on Friday night. What a great decision that was! The space was brick and  mortar; big round bar in the middle, and a few tables along the sides. The crowd was laid back and easy going. In order to get my weekly dose of chametz before the long holiday started, I decided to drink beer. I'm usually an IPA kind of gal but I spyed with my little eyes a Green Flash Double Stout with Serrano Chili on their chalk board and decided to go with that one instead. WOW. This beer has quite the kick and after two of them, I was feeling pretty kicky myself. Since that night, I've been searching for a local bar that serves Green Flash. (I figure if i started the holiday with it, I should probably end the holiday with it too). But alas, this is one elusive bastard. I shall perserve! Or, I'll just go back to Bondurants. It was such a great time!!	1
Came on a Friday night and it was crowded, but was lucky to get a seat FOOD: great food and awesome selection of craft beers. We had the IPA fries, wings and Brussels sprouts. The fries and wings were awesome. The Brussels sprouts was ok. We had a side of bacon jam which was amazing!! Everyone should try that even if it's only a small scoop.  ATMOSPHERE: causal pub atmosphere with rustic wooden furniture. It's an older more sophisticated crowd. It starts getting crowded pretty fast.  SERVICE: you have to order food and drinks at the bar after your luckily enough to get a seat/table. But when you do, it comes fast.	1
Best bar on the Upper East side!! Great whiskey, beer and cocktails- this place has it all. The bartenders are always friendly and it has a great neighborhood feel.	1
Tonight was my second time here at Bondurants. The first time, we had ordered the chicken po' boy and the wings. The chicken was a tad dry but I really enjoyed the wings. As far as drinks go, if you don't love whiskey and craft beer, it's the sort of place that you would feel really bad asking for a cosmo or a Miller lite. I ordered something off the specialty cocktails menu and ask them to replace the gin with vodka. It was alright but I wasn't impressed. Tonight was the second time I came here. We didn't get food but I did order the spiked cider with applejack. It was AMAZING. If you don't particularly care for strong alcohol, this is the perfect drink. You barely notice the alcohol in it... and in the chilly weather, it warms you right up! The bartender gave really good recommendations for whiskey. My boyfriend told him what he liked and he picked out 2 different whiskies, both of which were well received. 5/5 for the bar service and knowledge! Overall a really quaint upper east side place. I would love to visit in the summer to see what concoction they can come up with for hot weather!	1
Very cool drink menu here but the crowd was young. The music is very low but its still extremely loud in here so primarily this is just a place to chat. I Tried the "Fizzy  Drink" and a couple of seasonal beers. I had already had dinner elsewhere but the food smelled really good. The fried chicken in particular. If your walking by I think you'll find some pretty cool drinks here but if your looking for a more mature crowd this wouldn't be it.	1
I love this bar. It is simple and unpretentious, and it oozes warmth and livelihood. The IPA fries are the best snacks to accompany their many draft choices. The chicken fingers are perfectly fried and that honey butter with the biscuit is the spoonful of sugar you need to make the medicine of hard work hours go down. Bartenders allow you to try your beer before you order it..and that is how I've come to discover my new favorite draft: Earth and Flame, which tastes like my favorite scotch Dalwhinnie and favorite beer Guinness both mixed in one. So darn good.	1
Oh man, I'm thinking if there's any negative comments I can give about Bondurants. And I don't think so. I like gastropubs because each one is different and unique. This one in particular is quaint. I like that the bar is almost a 360 bar and there's a lot of standing space.  Came in when it opened and there was even a couple of people in there before they officially opened. haha. Looked at the menu and drinks. They have a very extensive list of whiskeys, which is really nice. They have craft beers and few interesting cocktails. I ordered the Spiked Cider (perfect getaway from the cold). Though my friend and I had to wait awhile for the cider to warm up, which is understandable since they technically just opened. From a small food menu, deciding what to eat was hard. First, we ordered the Boudin Style Meatball Skillet, which was flavorful and delicious. I really like the sauce that it was in too. Then, we both decided and ordered burgers except my friend added with bacon jam. The whole burger was delicious. Moist, juicy, flavorful. MMMM..... Really good. So the Bacon Jam needs a paragraph by itself because it was HEAVENLY. The alcohol may have gone to my head at the time, but how could you go wrong with bacon? The bacon jam is sweet and salty and quite addicting. So, after finishing our burger, and just finishing up our drinks. I was thinking what would be good with this bacon jam. So, someone came up to the bar and ordered fries (extra cripsy, which I didn't know that was a thing). And a light bulb lit up. YES, fries. So I asked the bartender if it was possible to do fries with bacon jam, and she's like I don't see why not. Yaay!! :D  GET FRIES WITH BACON JAM.  We also asked the bartender to recommend a whiskey because we're not too familiar with whiskeys and the type. Of course, with any alcohol, it's a personal choice of what you like. So, she asked if we like smokey, dry, spicy types of flavors. We said a nice smokey one would be good. Then she said the campfire, which we took her recommendation. It was good and smooth.  Our visit here was very pleasant and relaxing. Great staff. I would love to come here for brunch one day, but I am hardly in the Upper East Side.  Side note: They're tv's are hidden behind the chalkboards, which I thought was really neat. Only have them on Sundays, I believe.	1
Wait.  Wait, wait, wait.  A gastropub with exposed brick, pressed tin ceilings, a great craft beer list, bourbon, and Southern food in the UES? Yessss. I've been here twice - once for drinks and once for brunch. The crowd really wasn't so different between the two times(lots of twenty and thirty-somethings with a mix of older couples) and it just seemed like a really great neighborhood gastropub. It wasn't uncomfortably crowded either time, and we were able to find seats at the open, large, octagon bar both times. Bartenders were friendly, laid-back, and quite attentive. It didn't give off as much of a swanky, romantic vibe as The Penrose (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-penrose-new-york?hrid=sHoyeMDlNyHaOL1ssJRTWQ">yelp.com/biz/the-penrose…</a>) did, but I think it's still a great place for a date or for conversations with friends.  There's a rotating craft beer list, an impressive bourbon list, and a creative cocktail list sure to make anyone's mouth water. You know what else will activate the salivary glands? The food. For brunch, we shared a large bowl of IPA Fries that were thick-cut fries in a Lagunitas IPA brine with a smattering of salt, pepper, and herbs. Whether dunked in ketchup or not, these were a great accompaniment to drinks. The Sausage Gravy consisted of savory gravy with ground sausages over two biscuits with eggs on top. It was delicious, but I'd have to say the Fried Chicken Tenders ranked a tad higher. Four huge chunks of chicken tenders came on the plate; all were juicy, tender, and covered in a thin layer of crunchy batter. I appreciated the thinness of the batter and the ease with which they could be bitten into. The "sassy sauce" was so delicious. I wanted to bottle that up! Likelihood of another visit: Very likely! They had an awesome manatee bottle holder on display, and I'd love to ask them about it. And try their chicken tenders again, of course. Like the girl with the annoying voice a few seats away said to her fiancé, "No babe, you have to get the chicken tenders. Nooo, the chicken tenders. You have to get them. Are you crazy? Wait, are you kidding me?"	1
Great whiskey, good beers, fantastic food There isn't a lot not to like about this place. The prices are a bit steep and its ALWAYS packed. But thats the mark of a good spot	1
I visited this bar on a Thursday night. I met with a couple of friends, and we had a great time. To start with, I ordered the grapefruit beer. Don't remember the exact name, but it was pretty good for my grapefruit loving self.  We were hungry as well, so we ordered some food. It was a Thursday night, but it was pretty crowded -- so we had to sit at the bar to eat. I ordered the fried green tomatoes and the tater tots. The fried green tomatoes were magnificent -- unlike a lot of other fried green tomatoes, the breading actually stayed on. The green tomatoes underneath were firm, and very flavorful on their own. And the ranch sauce was so spicy. I also ordered the tater tots. At first it was hard to figure out exactly what they were -- these tater tots come in a very large size and are fried to a really deep, crisp brown. But they were delicious nonetheless, and like all the side dishes, good for sharing! One friend ordered the burger, and the other friend ordered the chicken tenders. Both were satisfied.  I wish that this bar had more tables. There were a couple of the back, but they were filled obviously because the bar was so so crowded. Still a great ambience however. It has always been hard for me to find great places to go with friends on the Upper  East Side. But I'm so glad that there's an alternative to always having to go downtown to the west.	1
I have been to bondurants for drinks before and heard they had good food so decided to order take out from them last night. I ordered the tator tots, and grilled cheese but when i got home i noticed they gave me fries instead of tots. They were nice enough to say they would put the order in and gave me them for free. luckily I live close by I know people rave about the fries here but i really didnt love the flavor. Maybe its because i dont like beer, but the IPA flavor just didnt do it for me the tots were also a unique spin on a tator tot.. .reminded me of a latka.. a fun snack but nothing i would order again as well. the grilled cheese was on thick cut bread and was really good. think ill stick to that if i ever order from there again.. which i probably will because the wings looked pretty good as well	1
Came here last night around 11 or so, nice chilled atmosphere with great food. Definitely recommend coming here.	1
I think 4.5 stars would be more fitting for this bar but I didn't think that 4 would do it justice. So, here are my notes: -Craft beer and bourbon. Seriously, what could be better? My two favorite things. And Bondurants doesn't dissapoint on either front. -I came here on a date (it went well, as I'm sure all of you were anxious to know). I'd say that this bar is better-suited for happy hour/larger gatherings as it gets pretty crowded and loud, but because we came relatively early (around 6:30), we were able to get a table no problem. If you want to get a table here, your best bet is to come earlier rather than later (at least on a weeknight - that's my only frame of reference) -The bartenders were knowledgable, friendly and all together wonderful. I'm a whiskey drinker myself so that was my focus for the night. I like to try the more esoteric brands at whiskey bars given that I've tried all the usuals (Basil Hayden's, etc.) so I gave the bartender a short list of my go-tos. She recommended two kinds and I ended up trying both. Not only were they both delicious, she hit the nail on the head in terms of flavor. My favorite of the night was Town Branch Rye (her first suggestion). I'm picky about ryes, but man, was this good. -Though it got packed at certain points, the ambiance here was great. Had a very organic (and no I don't mean kale and quinoa craze organic) feel. Pretty bare bones decor but it felt homey and relaxed.  -Lastly, everyone around me was raving about the food. We didn't get any ourselves so I have nothing to report on that front, but the couple next to us ordered fries that looked, smelled - and i suspect tasted - delectable.	1
Well, hello.  Another solid place here up on the UES.  I came here for what I meant to be brunch at 2PM on a Sunday.  We had the burger, kale salad, home fries and biscuits; all met my expectations.  They had great beers on tap (including a sour).   There is no table service so order at the bar.	1
Came here for my sister's surprise party. There were about 25 of us and the staff was super accommodating, considering we took up a large part of the space and were kind of in their way the whole night... they had a table reserved for us right near the kitchen and bathroom so our large crowd was usually blocking somebody... The staff were friendly and if they minded us being there, they certainly didn't let us know. The selection of unique craft beers is pretty decent - I had the chocolate stout and fell in love. The alcohol content on that one was pretty high, so even better! Their cocktail list is a lot shorter, but they do have a pretty lengthy list of whiskeys.  The food is pretty tasty, although my dad's chicken sandwich arrived with lots of bones in it...  After having a pretty large tab, the bartender ended up giving us a few of our drinks on the house.  A nice spot if you like craft beers, whiskeys, and/or brunchy foods and burgers!	1
I picked this place for this our mini holiday party at work.  We walked in a found a table in the back.  There were only 5 of us and at 6pm on a Wednesday night it wasn't too crowded when we arrived.  the bar is kind of a wrap around so there a bunch of places to sit/stand around the bar.  The music wasn't too loud and once we ordered our first round (there is no waiter service, so you need to go up to the bar order) we finally decided on food. Let me just say the food WAS AMAZING! I don't expect much from bar food, usually it's greasy but edible.  But this place was really delicious.  We had a combo of: shrimp po' boy sliders, fried chicken tenders, smoked wings, grilled cheese sandwiches, french fries and tater tots.  Any I cannot say a single bad thing about any of it! I'm interested in seeing what brunch here is like!	1
This has been such a great addition to our neighborhood. Staff is usually friendly, food is solid and great beer selections. Gets super busy at night.  Not sure what their lunch hours are, but we were pleasantly surprised on a Friday around 1pm when we noticed they were open.	1
Yayy I love Bondurants! I've been here twice so far, and it's always really fun. The drink prices are super reasonable, the atmosphere is nice, but relaxed, and the food is tasty. The past time I was here, I couldn't find a table, but a couple was leaving and went out of their way to offer their table to my friend and me. No bro-ski's here, just a nice laid back neighborhood crowd. I can't wait to come back.	1
Oh Yorkville, you are making me even love you more. Bondurants is an awesome new bar addition in the area! Super craft beer selection that rotates weekly. Superlative whiskey list. Some terrific house cocktails to choose from along with a small eclectic food list. Inviting rustic decor with cool rock music playing. A more adult mixed crowd that flies in the face of the frat boy clientele in the area. How did this wonderful place happen to show up here and not in Brooklyn or the LES? Oh, that's right! Because the UES/Yorkville part of town is starting to explode with great bars and restaurants all over! Once the 2nd Ave subway is finished this will become the hot spot of town to eat and drink at even more so. For those of us who live up here we know this is the "undiscovered country" with many gems that those who refuse to venture above 14th street even know about. That's ok, because we like it that way. I don't even have to leave my hood anymore to have a great beer, quality cocktail, or tasty meal.  Yorkville: The final frontier. To explore strange new bars, to seek out new restaurants and new gathering spots, to boldly go where no man has partied before! (as narrated by William Shatner as Captain Kirk) The whiskey list here is pure quality with so many to choose from. From Makers 46 to Elijah Craig to Larceny to Rough Rider and more. Impressive! I can walk in at any time and enjoy a creamy Nitro Stout brew or sample any of the beers on their board until I find one I like. Terrific bartenders here who are friendly and will offer top notch selections when you are on the fence about what you want to drink.  Hungry? Try the Frickles or Roasted Almonds to nosh on. Their seasoned IPA Fries are addicting! They are perfect to go along with a beer or cocktail. Oh, the cocktails are fine! The Maggie Valley and Take It Easy Baby will surely cure what ails ya.   Large octagon shaped bar centers the room with some tables and window seating around it. Spacious and can get a bit crowded as the locals have taken to this spot, but always a space to hang your hat. Pure inviting ambiance that makes me want to call this my new neighborhood bar home. This ain't your grandparent's Upper East Side anymore. Love it!	1
Very cool place. Made a stop here on a pub crawl and had a great experience. During my visit I had a mai tai and it was outstanding. I really like the use of space in Boundurants, theres a lot of space to stand and talk with other patrons of the bar. I also like how they reclaimed the wood flooring from a bike factory in boston, gives the place character! The highlight of the visit to Bonduraunts was their killer french fries! The owner explained that their fries are hand cut, soaked in IPA and twice fried. They are Perfectly seasoned and crispy. Some of the best fries I have had anywhere. Ill be back for the fries alone. Easy 4 stars for Bonduraunts and I wouldn't be surprised if that rating increases after subsequent visits.	1
Bondurants is a cool gastropub addition for local East 'Siders. Been here a few times for late night drinks and the atmosphere was always chill. Have not eaten here yet but their menu is a mix of American favorites (burgers, tater tots, kale salad, etc.) with a Southern twist (grilled okra, shrimp &amp; grits...) for REALLY decent prices!  Ronan is such a cool bartender! Aside from total eye candy &amp; a captivating Irish accent, he made great drink recommendations &amp; is super friendly. I told him I wanted something not too sweet and that I like tequila - he recommended the Smuggler's Run - which has become one of my new fave cocktails. Great drink and only $11. The Mezcal in this drink adds a smoky flavor to the tequila and it's delish and refreshing. This place can get crowded but in a great way - lots of seating room and a great place to celebrate a birthday if you score a bartop table and also great for watching sports games as they have a few tv screens.  We need more places like this in the UES!	1
Came here on a Wednesday night after dinner with a friend at about 9. The place was full, but we managed to grab two seats at the bar. Bondurants had a cool vibe.  Go for the beer. Great options on tap. I don't know much about beers, but I liked the one that I got. However, by the time we left at about 11, many beers were off tap. Seemed strange for a Wednesday. Anyway, great neighborhood option. Next time I'll be sure to try out the food  options.	1
I had an excellent brunch here.  Where else can you get pork belly benedict?!  The tater tots are to die for.  Their chicken fingers are excellent.  I'm looking forward to returning for dinner.  There is no table service but you can order from the bar.  Bartenders are very nice but can get overwhelmed.  I passed by on a Friday night and could barely get in the door so it's definitely a happening place!	1
First: I thought this place was going to suck. Yes, it has bourbon and a great snack menu, but I was worried it was going to be real douchey given some of the photos I saw. Not at all! The bartender had great recommendations. The setting was lovely. The food was just okay, but the whole thing was still wholly enjoyable.	1
Boundarants deserves 5 stars. On the UES, it's sometimes a struggle to escape the crowd of bros from Long Island or Connecticut wandering around wasted and blowing their parents' money and tryna pick up chicks. However, this place is a refreshing alternative.  You can sip or taste any beer on tap, and they constantly mix up the beer selection so you can try something new each time you come back. They put sports or music on when relevant, the food is all really good, and the prices are completely reasonable. The service is great, too.  Not your typical "bar," which is a great thing. Check it out.	1
4.5 stars. Great draft beer selection, cool vibe. Very solid burger although not necessarily the best in the area.	1
Great beer on tap selection. Their whiskey list is not to be overlooked either. Gotta recommend the homemade hash browns. They're irresistible.	1
I just wish I lived in NYC so I could go to this place ALL OF THE TIME. It's big but not huge so you aren't uncomfortable. The bartenders were all really friendly and greeted you quickly at the bar. The selection of craft beer is heavenly and the food, oh man, the food. I had a grilled cheese, one of the best I have ever had, and I also tried the giant tater tots. Everything was amazing. I love, love, love this place and can not wait to go back!!	1
This is the single most gemtastic place I've seen open on the UES in a long time.  It's definitely a bar's bar, so if you're looking for a sit-down restaurant with table service, probably not the place for you. It's also best for appetizers and alcohol. You do get full off the appetizers, but definitely not a "to each his own" type of entree place. That being said, the appetizers here are seriously legit. The tater tots may be some of the best fried tots I've ever had in my life. And when I say tots, these aren't your Napolean Dynamite nunchuck tots. They're like... LARGE BALL OF HEAVEN tots, served with an aioli that has the most gloriously subtle kick, I could eat these things everyday and gain the freshman 30 all over again. The beer fries, wings, and sliders are also all completely lovely. Beers on tap are solid, with a wide selection of west coast microbrews. My husband got the Levitation which had a delightfully clean and fresh-from-the-west kind of taste. Definitely a hiptastic new bar, hiptastic vibe. Even the overall decor is phenom. I love the vintage, natural look. Will definitely be back here whenever I'm in the city.	1
Just happened to be having a drink here with a co-worker who is originally from the South. He commented on how he felt like people here are trying to pretend like it's cool to be Southern...OK. Anyway, I just thought it was a cool bar.  What I did think was interesting was when he then started to educate me on the Bondurant family being a famous bootlegging family from rural Virginia during the Prohibition area. I was like "Oh wait! There's this movie with Shia Labeouf. What is it?? Oh yea, Lawless!" Wasn't a huge fan of the movie, but def made me appreciate the concept of the bar. Really like the chill, woody decor. Was able to grab a seat at one of the booths on a Friday night and was pretty comfortable. Crowd also seemed like they were all there to have a beer an enjoy themselves without going too crazy. Beer selection is broad and varied. They have an interesting beer here for whatever you're in the mood for. Light? Full-bodied? Sour? They got a beer for ya. I did try a cocktail here of which the selection is smaller and the drink was wayyy too sweet for my taste. C'mon, if we are going Prohibition area I'm not expected a cocktail that is so sweet that it feel like I need a dentist appointment ASAP.  Overall, good place and I'd good again.	1
Cocktails are strong and good...Smuggler's Run did not disappoint!  We also tried the fried pickles, wings &amp; pulled pork. Both the pulled pork and wings were great...I would pass on the fried pickles next time.  They were a little too doughy and the batter had a sweet taste to it.  I'm glad this place is around the corner from me, and look forward to going back to try some other the other cocktails.  I'm also excited to try their brunch..something tells me they make a killer bloody! Probably wouldn't hurt for them to have an extra bartender behind the bar.  Service was a little slow, but the bartender was super nice and helped us as quickly as he could.  The crowd was a good mix of people, and even though it was crowded, I could still move and didn't feel like people were on top of me.	1
The food was good, as was the service. A great quirky place to eat, only wish we'd discovered it earlier on our trip so we could have made a return visit and tried some of the deserts which looked fantastic.	1
The beer selection is amazing. The food is outstanding. Is only bar service but still you won't go wrong choosing this place. I was there for a brunch.  The burger perfect medium cooked. My gf has quinoa, she loved. And again, the beer. Try the really old brown dog.  4 stars just because the waiters was bad. Charged twice an item so watch out. Otherwise, totally recommended. I will go back.	1
I had a bit of a rushed visit here last night. I was primarily here to pick up my NYC Good Whiskey Passport, and figured I'd redeem it while there before rushing out to meet a friend in Brooklyn. I wish I could have stayed longer, not only because it was a helluva a distance from Flatlands, but because it was so damn CUTE. It was busy but not super-crowded, which was nice, and the lighting and design of the bar made for quite the romantic atmosphere. The bartender was also good, very prompt, friendly service. The Evan Williams neat that I had to gulp down before runnng back out into the chilly night was JUST the right kick of warmth too. If I'm ever that far uptown again, I'll definitely be back. And why the hell not? There's an awesomely huge Barnes and Noble nearby too, and a Sephora, and an H&amp;M...	1
More like 4.5 starts. The pimento burger was really good but the asparagus and ham were just soooooo good. The quality of the meat is great. I also appreciated the beer variety which is nice. Their tater totes are a bit different; they look more like a potato meatball. I usually order totes because they are crispy so it was a bit odd. Still it was nice to try I would def come back here	1
Quite an interesting name! We came here on a Sunday afternoon after the MET and were very happy with this place. Great atmosphere. We were lucky enough to grab a table next to the open frontage. If you don't pay attention to the small signage on each table, you will wonder where the heck the server is, then slowly realize all food and drink orders are taken at the bar in the center if the joint.  The 'take it easy baby' was far from an easy drink as it was quite strong. The grilled cheese sandwich the fried green tomatoes inside... need I say more besides ah-mazing!!! My friend got the chicken sliders and really enjoyed them as well. This definitely is a gem in the area and worth checking out not only for the whiskey and great cocktails but for the damn good food!	1
Great bar on the Upper East Side. Made a quick dash down to Bondurants in the cold from the Guggenheim. Loved the octagon shaped bar!!!!!   Wonderful for conversation and an overall comfortable feeling. Amazing craft beer and food.  Our bartender was super and we loved the happy hour.   They really paid attention to detail with the lighting and beautiful wood.  I will be back for sure!!	1
Yum, I came here with the suggestion of someone else for once, and glad we did.  The service was great, all the bar snacks were yummy.  The whiskey and beer selection was really awesome too.  And they had a Stone takeover, so that was great.  I don't remember what we ate, except for oddly these really good almonds.  Any ways, it is a place I would definitely repeat.	1
love this place for many reasons...great beer, yummy food, great service and ambiance. It is our local bar, sometimes it's the first place we go to and other times it's where we close out the night! We've been coming since they opened last year and we are going to keep coming! I recommend the tots, french fries, pulled pork sandwich, fried green tomatoes...okay, everything.  Go to the bar and order your food. They will serve you your food after you order from the bar.  It is not your typical bar grub, it is restaurant quality deliciousness!	1
The burger was really delicious!  As were the fried pickles and pastrami sliders! Good place to just get some good food	1
We all ordered different entrees and they were all delicious. The service there is great. It reminds you of a soda fountain environment. it was a great dining experience.	1
I love this place. The fries are incredible. Grilled cheese is another winner. Taste some beers pick a good one , enjoy the people watching. Very nice bartenders. My neighborhood spot	1
Bondurants is an absolutely lovely, charming, and chill spot to have a drink and some small bites. This place is slightly off of the beaten path (read: the cacophony of 2nd Avenue, its shenannigans, and the dreadful omnipresent subway construction), and that works to its advantage.  At 5:30 on a Friday afternoon, it was already pretty full but some co-workers and I, much in need of a Friday Happy hour, were able to grab two tables in the rear near the bathrooms. The completely opened front allowed a lovely breeze and light to come through and illuminate the dark wood interior. The list of beers and whiskeys was more than impressive, with 24 rotating beers on tap. The cocktail list was small yet extremely interesting; while a drink with saffron-infused gin did sound tempting on a warm summer afternoon, I could not deny the call of the Hopped Apple from Woodchuck! (A wise choice, the the way...) The food here is great and there wasn't a single item I even thought was mediocre. Between the group, we split IPA Fries, fried pickle spears, and fried green tomatoes. The two later items came with a sriracha-infused aioli; I'm not a spicy foods lover, but it had a nice low and pleasant burn to it that complimented each item rather than burn your tastebuds off.  Separately, I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich. The waiter came out and apologized that it was not plated better; one sandwich slice slipped. No matter to me! The beau, who showed up for a drink as well, jokingly commented to me, we thought out of earshot of the waiter, "How is this going to affect your Yelp review?" About thirty seconds later, the waiter came back with napkins and said, "Those are the scariest words a person working in a restaurant can here." Haha! We all had a good laugh. Clearly, the slipped slice of grilled cheese did not affect this review in any way, because it was damn delicious with its three kinds of cheese sandwiched between thick and well-buttered slices of white bread.  I absolutely adore this place! It's a nice and stress-free post-work option on the Upper East Side with great food and drink. Total winner!	1
Excellent craft beer bar on the upper east side. Very trendy decor with stools that look out over the street or the bar. They have an excellent craft beer menu from lesser known breweries all over the United States.  Several IPAs were featured which are always my favorites. Bottom line = If you love beer then there will be several choices to your liking. The bartender will give you small pours to taste so choose wisely...... Yes, other reviews are correct = the IPA fries are really good.  Definitely have an order when you are here. Crowd was non fratty upper east side = professional 30 somethings.  Bartenders were friendly and efficient.	1
We had a nice table in the back near the bar and there was a sign that said order at the bar. We placed our order, two classic burgers with bourbon bacon and IPA fries to share. It felt a little awkward to have to order at the bar and then someone brought your food when it was ready. I was puzzled how to tip, so I went a bit on the light side. When it was time to pay I also had to go to the bar to pay. But anyway the burgers were delicious, flavorful, yummy. We loved the combination of the different meats in them and also the bourbon bacon on top. The IPA fries were just OK, they were plenty hot and seasoned nicely, but not the home run that the burgers were. Good meal, great burgers, pleasant place.	1
This is our new favorite bar in UES! I mean, we came here twice in a week, that says something! Cool round bar, easily accessible from every spot. There are high tables/stools, booths and just all around spacious to hang. We came on a Saturday night and on a Thursday night. Both nights were busy-ish, but not overly crowded. Very laid back bartenders. Now the winner of this place is..... their extensive list of cocktail/craft beer and whiskey. I had a couple of beer the first night, while the fiance had whiskey and the next time we were here, I had a couple of cocktails and he had different whiskey. It's like whiskey heaven for anyone who likes whiskey...Prices are reasonable, not too expensive. I guess we finally found a place we can say "this is our neighborhood bar" :)	1
Simply Awesome! I came here Saturday night with a group of 7 because we had heard great things about it, and boy did they not disappoint. From the amazing "quality" craft beer selection (I'm a bear snob and it's nice to see things that I don't normally see). A really good crowd mix, not hipsters, not wall street types, just a real cool, lively mix of people out to have fun and not to just be seen. Plus, an awesome drink selection!  Add to that as busy as they were and to actually get bartenders who actively looked to give service, truly a great place that I can't wait to go back to.  They nailed it!  P.S. Get the shrimp sliders, high grade shrimp, and delicious!!!	1
Bondurants is a really nice bar in Yorkville. Went here as part of a cocktail bar crawl hosted by fellow Yelper Phil H. I believe it was the third stop on this Sunday funday event. There was a whole table reserved for the host. We ordered the IPA Fries which is made with a Southern Tier brine, plus salt, pepper, and various herbs. These fries were amazing! Apparently, the potatoes are cut and then soaked in beer overnight. The other bar food we got was the roasted almonds which had thyme, rosemary, cayenne, and brown sugar. These nuts weren't overly sweet, so it's good for anyone that doesn't have a sweet tooth. I prefer the latter, but this was still good to munch on. For the cocktails, the first round was a new cocktail they were experimenting with which was a Saffron Tonic. This particular libation was made of a saffron infused gin called Gabriel Boudier and the manager even let a couple of us take a whiff from the bar. It's really aromatic and masked the scent of your typical gin. Second up was their Mai Tai that was served in a fancy snifter. This is no girly drink at all. All of the folks who tried it agreed it had a nice punch. One of the coolest parts of this bar is the fact that the wooden floor is reclaimed wood from a bicycle factory more than 200 years old. Talk about throwback!	1
Lively spot with a truly well-curated beer list. I fancy myself a bit on the snobbish side when it comes to drafts, but this place introduced me to all sorts of different stuff. Great energy inside, if not a bit cramped at times. Did not eat, but everything we spied on the tables and coming out of the kitchen looked  hearty. Staff was pleasant and efficient, and genuinely seemed to enjoy working. I don't live nearby so I'm not sure when/if I'll ever be back, but, damn, for one night it was great.	1
Really cool ambience. Got the wings, sliders, fries, and peppers.  All absolutely delicious and well-priced.  Would want to come back for drinks!	1
One of the best spots for craft beer on the Upper East.  All rotating drafts, very interesting offerings, great ambience, nice people, and solid food.  I get the brussel sprouts every time I go, and I never regret it.  The mustard is an interesting and delicious addition.   The bar staff are always super friendly and good at what they do.  They offer cask beer, but I've never had a truly well conditioned cask there.  They make solid cocktails too.  If you're trying to find a chilled out but still nice place to grab drinks with friends, this is one of the best places on the UES to do it.	1
great ues bar yuppy crowd good selection of local drafts very reasonable prices	1
This is one of the best pubs in NYC.  It consistently has a solid selection of craft beer and bourbon.  Also, the food is delicious.  Even though it can get crowded at times, the servers have always been polite and provide great service.	1
Huge selection of craft beer and an even huger selection of whiskies, good food, great ambience, friendly bartenders, shut up and just take my money	1
Nice place. Spacious, not too crowded on a Wednesday night, but not totally empty either. Good selection of beers. Not getting 5 stars because you have to order your drink at the bar. I don't see why this is a clever move for any bar.	1
OMG, Bondurants, it's as though you read the collective minds of all 20-and-30-somethings on the UES dying for a place like you. With your craft beer and your freakin amazing Southern/New Orleans-inspired food you're single handedly rescuing our 2nd Avenue restaurant strip from the doom that is subway construction. Please don't ever change and don't leave us. We know you're on the cursed corner and many bars and restos have come before you only to disappear one night but we believe in you. Love,  The UES	1
Beer, bourbon, and southern food about sum up Bondurants. They do a great brunch, a great dinner, and great drinks. I'm a huge fan of the Grilled Cheese - go ahead and add fried green tomato and a fried egg, you'll thank me later. You want something that'll blow your mind? The tater tots here are out of this world. Imagine a hash brown, and how all the potatoes are shredded into thin strips, now imagine that rolled out into a ball and deep fried and that's the tater tot at Bondurants. It's legit.  Drinks here are pretty good as well. Get anything with bourbon and you won't be disappointed. Also, they have a huuuuuuge beer selection, if you're into that kind of stuff.  Not a lot of tables but a good number of seats at the bar. Very open, and lots of space for standing as well.	1
It's more than a little exciting when you're a Seattleite in NYC and you walk into a bar that unexpectedly has craft beer from Washington. Not only do they have Elysian, but they have an incredible beer selection, but the staff is friendly and knowledgable, and answers questions without treating you like you're an idiot. I went in once on a Thursday and it was a little hard to get the bartender's attention, but all was forgiven with a good double IPA and the IPA fries. I should also note that they actually have a fantastic brunch!! My friend and I got the More Cowbell! nitro milk stout and biscuits benedict and just about wept with joy. Brunch was pretty empty, though, so I hope more people figure out that this place is great so that they keep doing brunch!	1
A great bar tucked away on E 85th St. Walking down 2nd Ave, you won't notice this spot but turn the corner and you'll find it right away.  Bondurants focuses on two types of booze: craft beers and a whiskey. Though I'm not much of a whiskey drinker, their selection is impressive and gives you the option of a 1oz taste or a 2oz pour. Their cocktail menu is small but does offer strong delicious pours. After a pint of cider, I decided to try a tequila cocktail and I could've easily drank that all night. The food seems to be Southern-influenced with items on the menu ranging from Fried Green Tomatoes to Frickles to Fried Chicken. Since it was early in the evening, my friends and I snacked on their Roasted Almonds. But I've made a mental note to come back for their Fried Chicken and IPA Fries! The spot itself is spacious but does have limited seating. At 7:30pm on a Friday, it was understandably busy yet it didn't feel packed. I'd love to come on a more mellow night and sit by the large windows with in the summer time. I look forward to returning!	1
Love this place - great addition to the neighborhood. The staff is friendly, the variety of beer and whisky unmatched and the clientele is a nice mix (until the weekend, when the amateurs take over the neighborhood). The TVs are hidden until there's an important game, making it less like the other bars in the neighborhood - a nice relief from the dozens of sports bars in a five block radius. And the tots - not like any you've had before. Love this place!	1
This place is awesome. A few friends had told me about Bondurants and raved about their amazing craft beer and whiskey selection.  We decided to go here since I had never been and we all appreciate good beer and whiskey.  I was impressed.  The beer selection was outstanding and their whiskey list is so long that at some point you'll probably need the bartender to recommend something.  I had the Nitro Stout which was yummy followed by Elijah Craig, which was also very good.  They also offer a food list.  We only had the fries but they were a nice touch to go along with what we were drinking.  It can get a little loud but nothing crazy.  It's also dark and rather intimate, which is nice.	1
Finally made it here yesterday for brunch and am bummed that it took me so long to go here!  The food was AMAZING!!!  They're "tater tots" are insane balls of fried shredded potatoes that I couldn't get enough of.  We shared the chicken tenders which were so good they somehow melted in your mouth.  I had the pork belly benedict which was cooked perfectly (I hate it when restaurants don't make this right) over an amazing biscuit.  The only thing stopping me from eating there every day is that I don't want to gain a million pounds!! The only downside was that they do not have a waiter or waitress if you're sitting at a table.  You have to go to the bar to order everything.	1
This is my favorite place on the Upper East Side. My boyfriend and I decided to stumble in early one Saturday and ended up staying until way past our bed time. It's now a part of our weekend routine. The prices are more than reasonable. It's intimate, but not uncomfortable or loud. When the weather is nice, they'll open up the glass sliders which is quite lovely.  I've eaten about half of their menu. The kale salad is amazing for those watching their waists, but for anyone else, they have the best wings I've ever had. Let me repeat, THE BEST WINGS I'VE EVER HAD. They're hot, but not unmanageable. Smokey, but not overpowering. Always cooked perfectly. Eat them. Love them. Rejoice. The beers are constantly changing, which is great if you like to try things, but kind of a bummer if you fall in love with something and they rotate it out. They always have an abundance of choices though. You'd be hard pressed not to find something you like. The bartenders are a really good resource for picking something good out. Love Cassie. She's good people.  Basically, go. Eat wings. Drink beer. Or if you're a classier fellow, try some of their awesome old school bourbon. Be happy.	1
Great beer selections and the appetizers are tasty (tots, chicken fingers. The wings are a bit salty...wish the had regular buffalo wings...and the IPA fries are awesome). Definitely a good neighborhood joint.	1
Decent beer selection, excellent cocktails, and friendly service. We were able to grab a seat at the bar which is always lively and crowded. I wish there was more seating away from the bar, but other than that, this place is a great addition to the neighborhood. It's a mixed crowd that gets younger the later it gets at night. Hope to come back to try their eats.	1
Great atmosphere and food. Wish there were more seats, but on a Tuesday didin't end up being a huge problem. My friend and I got the chicken tenders meal and split IPA fries.  The fries were okay...not sure what the big deal is. The chicken was AMAZING though and this comes from a picky southerner. Will definiltey be going back.	1
I hope this bar stays in the neighborhood for a long time. The owners are fantastic and live in the area. They listen to their patrons and are quick to resolve any minor issues. The spiked cider and IPA fries are delicious and the whiskey selection is one of the best in Yorkville. Bondurants attracts an older, less fratty crowd and the mood lighting is perfect for a first date. Unless you're 22 and prefer Dorrians, come here on a weeknight to hang out and enjoy great food and drink.	1
Great addition to the UES. Perfectly centered bar surrounded by casually set tables. Haven't tried the food yet, but am excited to go back and do so.	1
people who complain that the UES is a hapless neighborhood lacking in bar/food options clearly have not been to Bondurants (or any of the other 99844959 great spots we have up in these parts).  they have a solid, solid, solid whiskey menu, and the staff is incredibly helpful at selecting a good one (which is much appreciated, for a whiskey noob like myself). they also have a rotating draft menu, which usually features great craft beer options fro all around the country. for those not into either beer or whiskey, fear not--they have a great cocktail menu, as well as an ample selection of wine. food-wise, sooo many good bar food options (but not your typical bar food slop)--particularly, the IPA fries are awesome, as well as their grilled cheese... and their tater tots. and their fried pickles. fuck, pretty much everything on the menu is awesome. this place gets packed from Thursday-Saturday, but if you go early enough, or simply don't mind the crowds, you won't regret it,	1
Bondurant's is a heaven on Earth where gastropubs are concerned. It makes the Penrose down the street look like a burnt out meth hooker. We had a cask beer there that tasted like wool made of spun Mexican chocolate from a mystical dream sheep. The fried chicken finger special was so good I nearly tied myself to a nearby mast lest I go totally mad with lust. Prior to my meal arriving, I had significant difficulty restraining myself from reaching into a stranger's bowl of french fries and helping myself. All in all, I would recommend this restaurant.	1
Ok, this is a REALLY great place. Once again, kudos to the UES for adding yet another legit spot in the last year. You could easily miss Bondurants walking down the street - it's nothing fancy - just your basic beer bar, and if you like beer like me, that's all you need (I actually think they might only serve beer and whiskey). My friend and I got here close to 7 on a Wednesday and every seat was taken at the bar and the few tables so we sipped our drinks until a couple seats opened at the tables which wasn't long. We each got the kale salad - not a huge portion so we also got the fried pickles to go along with them to share. The salad was really good - tasty dressing - but I've definitely had better fried pickles. Maybe because it was the whole pickle fried and not sliced that threw me off? Either way, great spot, solid crowd and I'll definitely be back to try more beer and food!	1
This place first caught my eye because there were a handful of people sitting in the window seats wearing plaid, and I was wearing plaid, so I felt I should try it out. Went on saturday night early ish around 6 or 7 and it was casually crowded. Got more and more crowded as the night went on and they were slammed by 10 or 11 when I left.  But never did the quality of the service go down. Great beer selection, I only tried one cocktail which was a special. I can't remember what it was because I got drunk and forgot, but it was a intriguing combination of flavors that worked. Did a couple shots, as you do, which were very reasonably priced. Pickle-backs I believe. The fries are killer, and the burger is a pretty solid burger.  That's all I've eaten here. Had a good time. Got a couple of ladies' #s, so thanks Bondurants for bringing the ladies in. My friend when he is drunk likes to ask for owners and see how much they'd be willing to sell their places to him for. He found the owner, who turns out to live locally and she was very chill. My one complaint is that the wood benches you sit on at the table put your buttcheeks to sleep. Could use some cushions or pillows on them. But it gives you an excuse to get up and get another drink. Has become my go to place to take friends when they come to visit the hood. Took a bunch of friends that swore by Penrose to this place, and they are all converted to coming here now. Penrose sucks. Bondurants wins.	1
Great beer selection, friendly bartenders, cozy environment, and fantastic bar food. The Brussels sprouts are ON POINT.	1
My wife and I stumbled on Bondurants after brunch next door at Five Mile Stone. We made sure we'd check it out at the next chance we got. It certainly didn't disappoint.  It's pretty laid back. Seat yourself at a table or the bar, go up to order food and drinks, throw down a card and someone will bring out your food when it's ready. The beer list is great, the whiskey list is even better, and the food is outstanding. Best bar food I've had since moving to the Upper East Side from NoHo, where I went to Burger &amp; Barrel all the time.  The tater tots, pulled pork and everything else we tried were all amazing. We hadn't even walked out when we were already trying to figure out when we could go back for brunch! Haven't done it yet, but we'll get there...	1
Great beers	1
I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. The owners are very friendly and very evident. They constantly make sure you are doing well and the bartenders are extremely friendly. And this is coming from a guy who bartended for years. But what truly makes a restaurant is the food, and let me say this - the chef is amazing, from the food to the presentation to him actually coming out from the kitchen and saying hi. You don't see that. I tout this guy as the next big , young up and coming chef.	1
Really fantastic place. I came somewhat early on a Saturday night, around 7pm. When I arrived the place was already pretty full. It's not the largest place but its very comfortable, never felt cramped. They have plenty of tables throughout and bar seating. The homemade tater tots are phenomenal, it is the must try item on the menu. The pulled pork sandwich was also very good. They have an amazing beer selection and also a few specialty cocktails that they do really well. I highly recommend coming here if your looking for a chill relaxing place to hang out with good friends.  Oh, they do not have waiter/waitress service you must order all food and drinks from the bar.	1
This place is perfect. Besides being really pretty inside with amazing use of woods, this place has a really great bourbon menu. You can order one or two ounce pours and it's nice to try that bourbon you've been wanting to try. Cocktails are super thought out and sophisticated. The beer is cold and they'll give you a taste of anything on draft. On to the food. Holy shit! It's fucking good. I had the best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had. Three gourmet cheeses and a fried green tomato inside. Insane! The IPA fries also the best I've ever had. The outside perfectly golden and crunchy and the best flavor ever. I dream about these fries. It's just not right how good they are. All the food is insanely great, gourmet comfort food. Ronan, the super sexy Irish bartender here is so friendly and he's an awesome bartender. What's not to love here?	1
Incredible bourbon selection and a beer selection that matches it.  Add in excellent food, fun crowds and knowledgeable, helpful staff and you get the best damn bar on the UES. The meatballs will have you surrepetitiously licking the gravy off your ingers and maybe out of the bowl. The bacon jam is offered as a side for several of the plates, but I'd recommend ordering at least one extra one just to eat by itself! While you're at it, try their brumch on weekends.	1
Great bourbon/whisk[e]y selection. AMAZING and well-curated ever-rotating beer selection.  You won't find the '150 beers on tap' scene like some craft beer bars: they get a keg or two of whatever they want and when it's gone, it's gone. But they were one of the first bars to get Bell's Brewing in NYC. Absolutely stunning crazy one-off rarities are found every time I visit (which makes you want to frequent the place.) Bartenders are absolutely in the know about what they are serving, every time, and share the knowledge with a smile. Service is absolutely excellent. Watching the young hipster woman next to me on my last visit ask for *several* tastes of beers while the crowd was 2-deep around the bar before choosing one (take your time, unique flower!) while trying to discuss each's flavors -- "Hmmm I'm loving this one's smoky notes and grassy finish" was a direct quote which would have made me rip her throat out with a rusty bar strainer.  But the bartender took a deep breath and smiled. I wouldn't have. But I have no patience. ;) Tip them well! Absolutely love the ambience of the place - when it's not too crowded which it hasn't been any of the 10 or so times I've been there. Really great on quiet midweek nights when the weather is warm and the whole front of the place opens to the street. But it can get very very very loud as it's all hard surfaces. When the crowd fills in it can be hard to have a normal conversation. All the food I've had is great. Limited menu but well-thought-out. Fried pickles are a stellar example of how they should be done: not too salty or tart, hop-brined (yes), and fried perfectly. The IPA fries... just get them.	1
Bondurants is such a precious gem in the Upper East Side. I came here for brunch on Sunday at 11am, so we got the nice table by the floor to ceiling window. The atmosphere is rustic, yet cute and it is also a very relaxed environment- you order at the bar, and the workers are very friendly.  I highly recommend getting the eggs Benedict with pork belly. It was an interesting twist on your classic eggs Benedict, and came with home fries that had some delicious Southwestern spices. We also ordered the IPA fries which were amazing as well. I'm not sure what IPA is, but you need to get them! if you're trying to be healthy, the quinoa bowl that my friend got looked really good too.	1
Nice bar with a great craft beer menu. Intimate setting and perfect for small groups, decent food menu.	1
Great atmosphere, awesome beer selection. The food leaves something to be desired -- the "pulled pork" wasn't pulled, and the grilled chicken on the grilled chicken sandwich could have been cooked more thoroughly. Tater tots were awesome, however.  Having said that, I will definitely be coming back for beer and cocktails, I just won't come hungry.	1
They have a maze of a whisk(e)y list, a constantly revolving set of taps for funky beers (think BARcade's selection, or something else of that ilk), plus a light, airy space and lots of wood. And then there are the fries. "These fries are amazing. What did you do to them?" "Oh, we soak them in IPA for 24-36 hours, then cover them in herbs, fry them, and then fry them again." ::head explodes::	1
I have been here several times and really think it's one of the best bars on the UES! There's usually a crowd but seating isn't too much of an issue. You need to order at the bar. Drinks are strong, and they have good specials listed on a chalkboard by the bar- beware the fruitier cocktails, some of these trend a little medicinal tasting. Overall a great atmosphere and standard priced drinks. I will definitely be back!	1
Amazing beer selection! Great service, cute little craft beer bar and resturant. The kitchen is open late which is great. I love the pork belly sandwich and the grilled cheese.	1
One of my favorite spots on the UES for laid back drinks and pub food.  Crowd is similar but more relaxed than Penrose.  Great selection of beers, bourbon, and good cocktails too.  My go to cocktail is the saffron tonic.  The food is great- especially the wings! The burger, IPA fries, and grilled cheese are also delicious.  I've yet to be disappointed with anything here.  Bartenders are cool too!	1
I've been here twice -- once on a date, and the other time this past weekend was brunch with my girlfriends. On both occasions I was definitely happy with Bondurants. The food is great! Brunch was awesome. You must get the biscuits and the tater tots. Honestly, everything was great. The only downside to eating here is that you have to order your food at the bar. This is a great place for drinks at night as well. The crowd is always low key but it can get fairly crowded on popular nights. It has a very earthy feel to it. Lots of craft beers if you're into that. This is a nice addition to the Upper East Side. I'll definitely be back more often!	1
Hands down THE best place in this neighborhood. I'm always here and love every single one of the staff members. Brunch on Sat &amp; Sun is phenomenal and the setting is perfect.  Huge fan of sporting events being played but not having the sound on because sometimes you just wanna relax and not be swarmed by rowdy patrons n shit.  A+'s across the board from this guy. This is my first and probably only Yelp review so it was saved for a prime spot.	1
Been here twice, once for brunch and another time for after dinner beer + snacks.  Tater tots are AMAZEBALLS.  It's not the usually cafeteria, Napolean Dynamite kind.  They look like XL golf ball sized deep fried goodness. For brunch, I got the quinoa bowl with brussel sprout hash and pork belly.  I can eat that every day if they serve it on their menu.	1
There's a sweet time to come to this place, before it gets packed and you can chill at the bar and read or have a chat with a friend.  After a certain time it gets very loud and packed, which is fine for some, but not my thing.  The food is delish.  Have had brunch and dinner here and it's always very tasty. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable about the drinks and food.	1
Awesome food (if you like pork)! Amazing beer list.	1
this bar is gorgeous! i love the lay out. the selection is great as well. the bartender that served me was nice but there was one that ignored me for a while on a fairly slow night so she lost the one star. i will be back to try the food soon!	1
What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said?  A welcome addition to the UES.  A nice selection of beers and hand crafted cocktails, nice decor, and always crowded (but not packed).  The staff was friendly and prices were in line with comparable bars.  I'll be visiting again for sure.	1
We were a little bit wary when we came for brunch and it seemed so empty but the food was amazing! The fried chicken was perfectly seasoned and really juicy and the pork-cheek Benedict was smokey goodness through and through. The waitstaff was super friendly and the free bloody-mary with brunch perfectly spicy.  The atmosphere is lovely and really cozy and rustic while still being bright and wide open. The food was so tasty that even though were were full from brunch we almost ordered the wings just because. At least now we have an excuse to go back and hit the dinner menu.	1
So good. I had the chicken sliders made with chicken thigh meat which is very rare to find but so so good. They also crisp up the skin and put it on separate  it's like a crunchy chicken chip from heaven. They have a rediclous selection of beers and whiskey. Service is a bit different and slow but it was crazy packed in there so I can't really can't complain. Great place.	1
Went on a Tuesday night around 8 and there was a pretty decent crowd - went for drinks so can't review the food, although the fries at the table next to me looked pretty yummy. They have a bunch of seasonal beers and local drafts, pricing is great - $6-$12 a beer. Staff was very friendly and let me taste before ordering. Fun UES date spot too.  Brick walls, bar in the center with high top tables along the perimeter.	1
Came here on a weekday. Nice place. Extensive beer and whiskey list. Short wine list and cocktails list.  They have a happy hour, but it's restricted to few things, not like everywhere else. The drinks were good though. Didn't eat food so no comments on. I am.giving more points for the ambience which I liked.	1
I am SOOO excited that this place opened up a few blocks from my new apartment. There are already so many great places in the UES that I am dying to try, but after a visit last night, I can already tell that I'm going to become a regular here. I started with a delicious grapefruit and gin drink called the "Take it easy baby" followed up by a delicious espresso beer poured from a nitro tap. The ambiance is cool and inviting and the staff is appropriately laid back and hipster-ish. The food menu has a southern theme (that I failed to pick up on) and provides options to cover most bar room cravings. I did make a suggestion that they turn their ipa fries into poutine, but got shot down because its French-Canadian and not southern...oh well, they would be darn good and they could call them Southern Smothered fries or find some French - New Orleans appropriate name. I am really looking forward to seeing this place in the summer because the wall length windows open up and there is an awning leading me to believe side-walk seating is in the future!  Definitely check it out for yourself!	1
Best bar on the Upper East Side, hands down.  Great rotating craft tap selection, excellent music. The bar patrons are typically chill and not the usual Second Avenue crowd (most of the time the TVs are off/covered), more of a conversational spot.	1
I love this place!!  Best food and beer selection you could ever want along with over 100 Bourbons under one roof!  Super clean inside and out ohh and the heavenly redhead bartender is just the cherry on the cake!	1
I decided to go with the top reviewed restaurant on Yelp that was not open when I left the UES and as usual crowdsourcing works. I loved this place mostly due to the selection of craft beers, but my buffalo sliders were good, the room is stylish and best of all the service was great. I have to compliment Tinsely (sp?) on some top notch service and usually I expect a hot bartender to not know much about beer but she clearly does. I will definitely be back.	1
Hi. My name is Aaron and I'm an alcohol. +1 for bringing the noise +1 for the boundless bourbon list +1 for not having TVs on all the time +1 for the retractable storefront +1 for being so close to me -1 for being so close to me -1 for how crowded it gets +1 to that lady that was pounding down shots with her baby in tow. Its time the UES grew some hair - this place kinda makes you do that.	1
Great neighborhood joint w quality food and drinks. Relaxed bar (we ever bring the baby!) with good happy hour wines and tons of crafts. Best wings in NYC!	1
The Upper West Side is notoriously bereft of places to eat and places to drink. This area is just teaming with over-priced boutiques that your wealthy aunt would love to browse in. Fortunately, there is this bar. I was worried that it would be filled with obnoxious bros, but fortunately, I came on Monday after a visit to the Guggenheim. (Also there is no Bud Light served here, so that probably keeps them at bay). In any case, the beer list is more than adequate. Plenty of beers that I have not yet had were on tap (mostly U.S. micros), including a Smuttynose Barleywine from 2009 for a mere $5! The prices were not cheap in general, but good enough. At least two of the bar tenders working there seemed to know a thing or two about beer. One of the girls seemed to know something about whisk(e)y. The crowd was mixed. There were some bros, some middle-aged folks, and a nice elderly couple. The ambiance was fine. It wasn't too loud. My girlfriend ate a hamburger and was satisfied with her dining experience. The other foods looked pretty good too. If I am ever in this corner of New York again, this is certainly a place I would revisit.	1
Great beer bar. Found it through yelp, and met expectations. Great selection of beer, including a cask engine. And to top it off, I had probably the best grilled cheese I've ever eaten.	1
Excellent addition to the Upper East Side. Chill ambiance, great drinks, non-douchey crowd and not too packed on a Saturday night (...yet). It also feels easy to speak to other people because there is enough open space with the 360 bar in the middle and only small tables on the edges. Like the exposed brick and the lighting is perfect. Gives off a relaxing, speakeasy vibe.	1
Stopped in for a quick bite and a few beers. They have a nice beer selection (many beers I had never even heard of before) and the food was good to. Kept it simple and ordered some appetizers to share, but everything was prepared really well. It does get a bit busy, so be prepared to wait a bit for a table if you have a larger party. You can always sit at the bar instead of waiting for a table to cut down on waiting time.	1
Wow! What a whiskey/whisky selection! Also, they currently have an amazing oyster slider appetizer. Spicy and delicious. Staff is extremely knowledgeable about beer/liquor and very friendly as well. Excellent addition to Yorkville!	1
Would love to see them source more local craft beer, but until then the beer selection is excellent, but also accessible for people who are not too familiar with beer. Bourbon list is nice as well. Small wine list, but I had a fine malbec.  Kitchen will open soon, apparently.  I haven't been hanging out in the UES for too long, but the crowd seemed somewhat diverse for white people: young and old, guys in suits, women in uggs, guys in sneakers, etc. But really it's a chill place which, as far as I can tell having been twice now, does not get too crowded.	1
Pleasant addition to the UES.  Clean bar going for (and succeeding in) a Southern, hipster feel.  Could easily think you're in Williamsburg and the UES (but you don't).  The music was loud (a lot of The Grateful Dead, Rusted Root, Mumford &amp;Sons, etc., etc.).  Lots of craft beer, a long whiskey menu, and a cask beer option.  I tried and enjoyed The Figgy Tonic, a spiced rum tonic (and as someone else, mentioned, the cocktails are STRONG!).  IPA fries hit the spot (they're infused with thyme).  The pulled pork sandwich special was good, though I prefer my pulled pork more shredded than in chunks.  Cole slaw was fresh.  Overall, we enjoyed the place.   Something to know: the servers bring food from the kitchen and pick up empty plates and glasses but otherwise there's no table service and you have to order everything at the bar.  Not a huge deal.  I guess it allows you to sit for a while without being bothered which is nice. My only complaint was that they kept taking the menus from us to give to other patrons as they trickled in--but it wasn't crowded and there clearly were at least a few empty seats if not talbes.  IMO, this isn't the best business practice, especially when you're clearly not overcrowded and you don't have servers attending tables to keep you buying another round.  Maybe they just didn't print enough menus, but in the future it'd be great for them to have more menus to leave with customers so they can keep perusing and trying different drinks or food options.	1
Very busy little bar, what a difference a revamp does! The cocktails are pretty good, it's certainly a welcome option for the UES.  I have not tried the food yet.	1
Had a work event at Bondurants tonight- approx 80 ppl-- Tinsley was sooooo helpful. Food and drinks were delicious' love being in a bar without crazy loud music. Nice chill vibe A++++	1
Don't get me wrong, I'm a Pony Bar loyalist. But, when I read that this place was supposed to be the beer haven for folks like me in the UES '80's (as opposed to Pony in the 70's or 3rd Ave Ale in the 90's) - I went as soon as I could. Over all the beer selection is very impressive with a lot of diversity with a wide range of American craft options and international varieties. The overall feel of the place is also a plus.  The octagonal bar provides for a more pleasant experience (both socially and visually) and echoes the bar's 'rustic' vibe. We sampled the fried green tomatoes which were delightful - not overly greasy or limp like some you'd see at BBQ joints. At $6, the price seemed right. My only real issue is in the pricing of some of the beers, it looks like the pricing starts at $7 and only goes up from there. Considering that Pony Bar also has a great selection of beer and food (with beer prices holding at $6 for everything), I'll come back to Bondurants from time to time, but I can't see myself becoming a regular. TL;DR - Great beer, great food - but just a tad on the expensive side.	1
The food here was fantastic! Sometimes its packed, but it was great. I recommend the kale salad above all else. But everything we ordered was amazing.	1
Great date location. Intimate, warm, good bottle/glass wine selection... What more could you ask to invoke romance? Menu has a good assortment of dishes to accommodate most dietary needs; dessert options were a bit lacking but the savory appetizers could leave you wondering why bother with sweets.	1
This is a great bar! The beer list is very extensive and they really stick with the craft beer theme.  The bartenders were very knowledgeable and will let you taste things on tap to make sure you're happy.  The food was on point.  One of the best burgers I've had in a long time... The owner got behind the bar at a certain point and she was very friendly and talkative which is rare in this industry.  All in all, I had a great experience and will be returning!	1
A great selection of beers and cider on tap. The food was pretty good. Got the fries, tots and their special the strawberry jam and pate were excellent. The grilled cheese with bacon jam was buttery, crisp and melty. The sausage and biscuit was good bit had some pickled onions and green beans that complemented the dish but I am not a pickled fan in general. The portions were pretty good sized.	1
Cool vibe and country music along with a great beer selection and interesting cocktails? sign me up! We came here on a Saturday night and to only be open for a few weeks it was very popular already.  The atmosphere is really neat almost like a barn or something with lots of exposed wood and high ceilings.  The service was slightly slow, but I am sure they are working out first few week kinks. The food looked good, but I didn't have any. I would have LOVED LOVED LOVED this place if it was slightly less crowded, but then again, it was Saturday night and I guess I am too old for big crowds? Fun place, will be back.	1
Great new spot on the UES. Excellent whiskey and bourbon list that even includes my favorite local distillery, Widow Jane. The kale salad was refreshing with crisp and balanced flavors - perfect for a warm night. The grilled cheese (with fried green tomatoes and bacon jam) and fried chicken were quite good too. Not too may table options though, so I'd suggest getting there early if you want a seat.	1
An excellent little whiskey bar on the UES, this spot boasts a plethora of whiskies and beer to choose from. There are many seats lined around he circular bar but this placed has been getting crowded lately. Definitely a great spot to have a glass of whiskey or a beer during the week. The weekends get a little too crowded at times.	1
Friendly staff even while very busy, fun casual menu of fancy junk food, and great beer menu. Charming antique flavored space.	1
A really welcome addition to the UES. The crowd is much more mature and laid back than most of the "younger" bars in the area. The bartenders provide excellent service and the bourbon selection is top notch (w reasonable prices). The beers are a bit pricey but rotate frequently and you can usually find some seldom seen stouts and porters. The bar snacks are all of high quality. The hand rolled tater tots are a standout.	1
This will definitely be a spot I come back to again. Great drink selection (whisky and craft beers), delicious food (sliders and tots), and an intimate yet casual atmosphere. The bill wasn't so nice but it was worth it.	1
Went here late on a Sunday. What a great experience!  Great new neighborhood bar with good vibes, drink list is great, and bartenders are attentive and informative.  My boyfriend and I asked the bartender about their beer selection and he helped him find something he liked. I ordered the Old Prospector, a great cocktail, a little too strong for my taste but definitely fit the type of drink I was asking for. We also ordered some quick bar snacks: fries and a grilled cheese sandwich. Both were simple but delightful.  Overall the experience was great! New local favorite! Check it out!	1
good environment, young crowd, not pretentious. beer selection is really good and tastes good. food is good, fries are awesome. bartenders are nice. loved the place.	1
Visiting from California and came here to have a drink. This is one of the best bars I've  ever been to. Ben was awesome!  The most helpful person we've met in NY. If you want to have a good time with great beer selection come here. Also Molly and Katie are freaking awesome!!!	1
Visiting from California it's hard to find bars like this, the bar tender Ben was awesome hooked us up with some cool places to check out, I will definitely be visiting here again before I leave	1
came for brunch and beers. the burger with gouda was really good and the chicken fingers reminded me a lot of my all-time favorite, raising cane's. their tots were unique and also very good. will definitely come back/suggest to friends!	1
It's been a long time coming and finally the UES has a cozy bourbon bar with tasty bar food. Let me start off by saying, get the fries. Then order yourself a glass of delicious bourbon or one of their many IPA's. Now you're ready to commence into your nightly activities. Alcohol makes me bossy.	1
Very cute spot and really strong drinks!  Look forward to going back to trying out the food menu.  We only sampled the roasted almonds with our drinks and they were great.	1
Beer, bourbon, and delicious grilled cheese... can't do any better than that!	1
What a great addition to the upper east side! Great beer selection, crazy good bourbon selection, and an all around laid back atmosphere. Theres not huge amounts of seating, so it can feel crowded during peak times, but dont let that prevent you from coming here. I've only gotten food from here once, and I ordered tator tots. There was a great disconnect between what I thought I would get (high school cafeteria tator tots) and what was delivered to me (bliss). Perfectly breaded, juicy looking golf balls were delivered to me steaming hot and oh so delicious. It blew my mind and I contemplated skipping dinner and ordering another helping of tots. Even if you dont like bourbon, come here to try some tots like you've never experienced! Bondurants, I'll be back.	1
Went to Bondurants last night with 6 friends.  We we're able to get a great corner area and enjoyed beer, cocktails, and bourbon all night. Their beer list is very diverse. It includes many of the best American breweries and they've chosen rare beers from each one so I got to try 3 beers I'd never had before (which almost never happens in NYC). Looking forward to their kitchen opening soon too	1
When i walked out of the bar, I planned on doing a 5 star review, but when I woke up in the middle of the night with a mild form of food poisoning (or something similar), I took off a star.  I wasn't sure which beer to order, so the bartender generously offered me three different beers to taste.  The employees seemed very genuinely nice, and the place has a very laid back atmosphere.  I had catfish sliders, which were quite good (though they contained mayo despite not listing mayo as an ingredient on the menu), and tried my friend's tater tots, which were very good and tasted like latkes.  I would definitely go back for a drink, but would be very hesitant to order food.	1
Great food, Great Drinks. Gem in the Upper East Side.	1
Outstanding craft beer selection and amazing atmosphere. Vintage feel and very comfortable.	1
Gem of the UES - incredible beer selection, old school bourbon list, and some awesome cocktails.	1
Awesome place. Great food and lots of beer on tap. Love the large windows and how they open them up during warm days. As soon as the construction on 2nd ave is finished this place will get even better!	1
They have the juiciest bar burger on the UES! The fried pickles were disappointing but everything else was great. They open the windows during warmer weather echo is nice	1
24 craft beers on tap, plus lots of great bourbons. My beer nerd friend was impressed by the selection. I don't know enough to say myself, but the bartenders were also super helpful. It's on my block so I've been there twice, and it had a fun crowd on Saturday, but also a chill weekday vibe on Wednesday. Looking forward to making it a go-to-spot in the upper east side. Have to update - the kitchen is open now and the food is awesome. Everything is really well- executed, mostly southern/comfort food style.	1
Went here for brunch on Sunday. Got the chicken and biscuit sandwich combo - it was amazing. This place is soo great. I would highly recommend! Also great vibe and great service.	1
Great selection of craft beers, really like the bar set up. My only complaint is that they don't do flights...	1
Nice addition to the UES. Good beer selection that changes often. Wish they had a bigger cocktail menu. Service is hit or miss.	1
I've lived on the UES for a few months already and am upset with myself that it took me so long to visit this place.  If you like craft beer and/or whiskey this place is for you.  I also had their IPA fries which were quiet good.  This is def the spot to grab a drink after work.	1
Love this place. Been for Sunday brunch and drinks on a Saturday night. Food was great and really good cocktails. Will definitely become one of my neighborhood go-to spots.	1
Cool vibe, good spot (though small). Killer beer selection. Very friendly, helpful staff. We had the okra, tots (which definitely came out a bit unlike we were expecting), and the frickles -- all of which were quite good (though nothing to write home about). Again, it's the ambiance, the crowd, the selection that wins it here.	1
I had no idea this place existed but I'm glad I found it.  I've been going to Five Mile Stone and wanted to try something new, and read about Bondurants.  It's next to FMH but on 85th.  Very cozy.  We came here for a quick bite before a movie, but the drink selection was impressive.  Super friendly staff.  The food is great but this isn't a place you go if you're dieting...and totally worth the calories  The fried pickles (frickles) were surprisingly good.  The wings were great.  We wanted the BLT (egg and fried green tomato on a sandwich?  Yes please!), but they were out so we got the biscuits with sausage.  Wasn't my favorite.  We'll go back for the BLT and fried chicken.  Looks like a great place to hang with friends or even after dinner with a date.	1
Updating my previous review to include their new brunch. Crazy good quinoa brussel sprout fried egg bowl w a side of biscuits. I hesitate to write this bc i selfishly don't want to ruin my new, go to, UES brunch spot.	1
food is great but u MUST deliver..	1
Great new bar on the Upper East Side.  Loved the octagon shaped bar!!!!!  Wonderful for conversation and an overall comfortable feeling. Amazing craft beer and bourbon selection, not to mention incredibly creative and tasty specialty cocktails.  They really paid attention to detail with the lighting and beautiful wood.  I will be a regular for sure!!	1
My husband and I go to Bondurants at least once a week. We love the atmosphere and the relatively cheap bar food. The smoked wings are made to perfection and the fries are absolutely delicious. We always mean to try something new, but we like the wings and fries too much to try anything else!	1
We went the other night and had a great time. Really nice craft beer selection. Atmosphere is very chill. It's nice to not be distracted by 50 inch TV's everywhere. Decor is rustic with a lot of wood.  I will have to try some of the bourbons next time.	1
Went to Bondurants with a friend last Friday night. I live in the area and it was a great night out close to home.  The atmosphere was great!  A good amount of people but not too crowded where it's hard to get a drink.  I had a few specialty drink cocktails and they were amazing! All original recipes.  I didn't want to mix too many different alcohols but the next time I go I plan to dig into their 'on tap' beer selection.  It looked amazing!  I highly recommend and can not wait to go back!	1
great beer selection, good food, good music.  Great addition to UES	1
I'm pretty excited about this new UES bar. I knew the beer and bourbon lists were going to be good, but I was totally surprised by the unique cocktails (fresh sage? real apples? yes please!) The bar is circular, so you can see everyone and never have to wait very long for a drink. The ambiance is vintage-mod (it just completes the bootlegging feel for me). Awesome addition to the growing UES bar scene.	1
Good drinks, cool place, and we liked the food options! We ate on a weeknight and it was not too busy, but we walked past on a Friday night and it was getting pretty busy, so I suggest checking it out before the rest of the neighborhood figures out this place exists.	1
This was one of the highlights of my NYC visit. Great service from Tinsley who was an awesome bartender. Made for a fun part of my trip. Ask her about Griffing the keg. Great beers on tap and good food. Also love the whiskey/bourbon selection. Highly recommend.	1
awesome grilled cheese but very slow service	1
Wanted to update my earlier review - went back for brunch this past Sunday, which was delish. Do not miss the quinoa bowl with shaved brussel sprouts. Also loved my bloody and the kale salad. ps. biscuits are served with maple syrup. Total neighborhood gem, UES just got cooler!	1
Great new USE bar.  Chill weekday ambiance (I want these people to decorate my apartment).  Huge craft beer selection;  subtly intimidating, but the bartender was super helpful and able to guide me through.  I guess it is good to step out of my comfort zone because I discovered 3 great new beers (one is likely a new favorite).  Needless to say, I'll be back!	1
This place recently opened so I think they are still figuring some things out, but overall I enjoyed it. Great beer selection, very friendly staff (although could have used another hand or 2) and unique (not in a bad way) bar food.	1
I came here based on the yelp reviews. We  love this BYOB no corkage fee hearty restaurant. I had the portobello mushroom salad, which also had goat cheese, lettuce. It was very filling. I also had the perch, which was meaty and flaky fish. Great choices on my part! My boyfriend, from Scotland, had the chicken picatta and the special salad that had walnuts, lettuce, and kale. We liked the chocolate peach cake too.  Fidel runs the front of the restaurant. He is very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Glenn cooks in the back. He is a great cook!  Definitely make a reservation to this restaurant too. We will definitely come back and bring our friends!!	1
The outside is unassuming, but don't be fooled. Buster's is undoubtedly the best restaurant in the neighborhood. We savored every single bite! The atmosphere was cozy and welcoming with candles, art scattered across the walls, and friendly staff who knew this was our first time visiting. To start, we shared their salad special with goat cheese, spiced walnuts, carrots, beets, and some radish. It offered such a unique flavor profile that was beautifully complimentary. For our entrees, we had the branzino and filet mignon with a balsamic reduction, both served with a vegetable and mashed potatoes or a high protein grain that carries a smoky quality. The fish and filet were expertly prepared to perfection. For dessert, we tried their chocolate mousse and apple crisp, and both were excellent. Buster's is BYOB so we accompanied this meal with a Spanish red. Our service was friendly, thoughtful, and attentive.  We can't wait until our next experience at Buster's!	1
Favorite place in New York! Fidel (the charismatic and friendly owner) creates a small town, friendly feel in the big city. The food is fresh, and prepared with TLC. I have been exploring the menu for years, and still haven't found a thing I don't like. Can't explain why it took me so long to write a review...	1
love love love this place - cannot believe it's a new find for us since they've been here so many years. Every item on the menu is outstanding and Fidel is a gem. We cannot wait to go back again.... and again.	1
Amazing. Comfortable atmosphere and very friendly service. The Veggie 2.0 wrap was one of the best things I've eaten a long time. This place is definitely worth going out of your way to try.	1
At Buster's, it's all about the food...and the service...and the vibe.  This tiny, unassuming little spot on Amsterdam is easy to overlook, but to do so would be a mistake.   Brilliantly trained and experienced partners have been making this place rock for almost a decade.  (This was my first experience)  The food was spot on delicious on a Thursday afternoon.   I ordered a tuna melt, a childhood favorite I haven't had since I was 12 years old.  I was confident this place would do it right and they did!   The tuna was a very good quality as was the cheddar cheese, and the multi-grain roll was definitely a standout. My companion's grilled Portabello sandwich was equally A-1. Everyone on staff treated us like gold, and we received a free plate of cookies at the end of our meal. LOVED IT  (You will, too)	1
Great food and Great Service! We've been to Buster's a number of times for dinner and have never been disappointed.  The regular menu contains excellent salads and pastas and the daily specials feature creative and tasty fish and meat dishes.  Service is always attentive - even when they're quite busy.  It's a two man shop that has always provided great meals at great prices.  It's also BYOB so you'll save a bit there as well.  It's one of our favorites.	1
Got the seafood special (lobster, shrimp, scallop in lobster sauce and tarragon $23.95) with freekeh and it was insane nomness in very healthy portions. The owner is a very kind and polite man and seems to be friends with everyone. I cannot believe the whole place is run by two people, so it is understandable water refill was not as prompt.	1
Went to Buster's on a Saturday night. We made our reservation the same day and didn't have any trouble. I had a goat cheese salad to start and the Asian salmon for an entree. The salad and salmon were both fantastic. Can't really beat a BYO in Manhattan of the food is superb like this place. I've read some people complaining about the small size of the restaurant but if you're expecting something large and commercial you won't get it here. This place will give you a attentive, personal meal and carries a great atmosphere. I plan to go back in the future.	1
SO good. I went on a Wednesday afternoon and I was the only one there. I had the most delicious grilled salmon over a salad of greens, avocado, tomato, zucchini, carrots, and cauliflower. They only serve French pressed coffee, and it is delicious. Also a free cookie!  On a side note, I overheard one of the guys talking on the phone taking what sounded like a catering order, and he sounded super accommodating and helpful.	1
We L-O-V-E this place!! The food is extraordinary, fresh, and delicious! The chocolate mousse is like nothing we've ever had before. The owners/chefs are accommodating and very friendly. We will go there again for sure...BUT-DUDES-get some tablecloths and a decorator!	1
This place is an absolute gem! Incredible service, delicious food and wonderful ambiance. So reasonably priced and it is BYOB which is awesome. I LOVED this place and will most definitely be back. Can't recommend it highly enough!	1
Delicious food, friendly staff, reasonable price. To me, the most important thing is probably that you can tell they care about what they make. I would give them 6 stars for being BYOB also, but I don't think Yelp allows 6 stars.	1
Great place! The food is delicious, fresh, and very reasonably-priced. Everything here seems to have a tasty and well-balanced flavor so I think it's perfect for a light lunch where you leave feeling both full and energetic. Stand-out dish is the Buster's Pasta (perfectly-roasted chicken, cheese that's still in the process of melting when it hits your table, sharp bites of sun-dried tomato) My only complaint is that it comes out so hot that I can't wolf it down as fast as I want to.    Casual ambiance and a very small space so I think a group of 2 is the perfect size. Try to snag the seats by the window - window cushions are fun.	1
After apartment hunting I was in the mood to eat. Yelp lead the way with Buster's being tops in the area. The place is small, basically a small storefront that you can miss it. Fortunately for us, I didn't. I was the only that was hungry and after hearing the specials I went with one of them: the sesame noodles with skirt steak. I looked around and noticed the place was small but with a bunch of paintings that didn't make it seem cramped, although the bathroom requires you to walk through the kitchen, though it's a little strange to do. The food arrived and it was simple, tasty and well done. I kind of scoffed at the term 'spatinental' food, but that's really a good way to look at the food as well as the ambiance of the place. A small, serene spot that's good but not pretentious. The gf didn't order anything but ate off my plate, and our server brought out another set of utensils for her. He even brought out a smaller version of their pastry for her since he figured I wasn't in the mood to share.	1
This is a great small and intimate low key spot  for innovative, delicously crafted, very reasonably priced food, with highly attentive personable and friendly service. I had a delightfully unique and tasty comfortable lunch for about $20 (large bowl of Lentil Soup with bread, perfectly grilled free range chicken sandwich on pretzel bread with a Chipotle sauce, side salad with vinaigrette, fresh French pressed coffee at the table, and a complementary desert pastry!)	1
Such a cute place with great, fresh food. The prices are reasonable and the owners have a great energy. I've never had a bad meal here! And it's guilt free because I know everything is fresh. I recommend this place.	1
It's supposed to be right here. "Really? Are you sure? Check Yelp again." "No, it says we're on the right block. Maybe it's closed?" "I hope not. Let's walk by again. I'm starving." "Wait ... is that ... here! There it is!" You will have this conversation while looking for Buster's on Amsterdam. But don't lose hope: this place is sooooo worth the confusion! Let me start by saying that it's a small place. Like, you're going to wait if you come here during normal hours. I came here WAY off-peak (I'm talking 4pm) for lunch, so there was no one else inside.  I had the Chicken Caesar Wrap, and I can tell you that it was huge &amp; delicious! The croutons were crunchy and the salad was so fresh, it was practically still growing. No sogginess; it's Choose Your Own (Culinary) Adventure because the dressing was served on the side! The best part is that you feel *good* after you finish your meal. Not stuffed, or bloated, or guilty. How many restaurants can make you say that? AND ... when we asked for the check, we were served fresh chocolate chip cookies! I'm kind of sad for telling you about it, because it's like a happy surprise that makes you feel all warm &amp; full inside. Bookmark this place for a nice spring/summer lunch. You won't regret it.	1
We've been there for lunch and dinner and it's always fantastic food. Not pretentious but healthy hearty and tasty. Great place and definitely a true gem in the UWS!	1
Finally got a chance to check out Buster's and we loved it!  The manager (owner?) was extremely pleasant, friendly and helpful. We definitely felt welcome. The food was delicious (chicken dish was flavorful...even the veggies were delicious!) The fish was also very good, carefully prepared and cooked perfectly. It seems as if they've put a lot of thought into the preparation and presentation of the food as well as the ambiance of the restaurant. I'm sure this will be a long term go-to place for a lovely dinner.	1
I'm going to tell friends about Buster's! Went for lunch and had fantastic food at really good prices. Salmon chowder phenomenal and under $5. Burger was very good. Service - excellent!  The decor isn't crippling but I wouldn't go here for fine dining at dinner time.	1
Thanks for helping me find this place, Yelp! It doesn't look like much from the outside (or the inside), I guess, and it's small. But the food was really, really delicious and light; exactly what I wanted. I had a lamb burger over chickpeas &amp; greens that made me very happy. Prices are fair. Definitely seems like there are a lot of regulars. I'll be back!	1
Love this place. The food is great. My salmon was perfectly cooked. Fidel, the front of the house guy, is a sweetheart and fosters a friendly environment. It's a tiny little gem. Makes me dislike the UWS a little less, which is a feat in and of itself.	1
I just had lunch here for the first time and the only thing better than the food was the service.  And the food was pretty darn great.  The owner is such a friendly guy and I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch.	1
After living three years in the neighborhood, we finally got around to stopping into Buster's for a casual weeknight meal. Our experience was very consistent with what others have said. The room was small, but being that it wasn't totally packed, we felt perfectly comfortable. We were warmly welcomed by Fidel, who offered to bring freshly baked bread (warm, crusty, with a hint of garlic--awesome) and open the bottle of wine that we bought on our way over. BYOB places in NYC are rare, and those without a corkage fee are almost unheard of.  A list of delicious-sounding specials were offered. After considering those, and taking a look at the menu, I somewhat hastily chose a grilled burger (well-seasoned, cooked very well) served with an avocado salsa atop a large serving of green salad (which itself consisted of a variety of fresh tasting vegetables). A tangy, light-tasting dressing was served on the side. John ordered one of the chicken entrees off of the menu as well. It arrived looking beautiful and delicious, and I ended up having significant meal envy after taking a bite. We'll definitely be back, if only to try one of their fantastic sounding specials. Sorry it took us so long!	1
Wish to eat here constantly since food is always fresh to table and cozy and friendly with their cheeky menu specials menu outside with hilarious names relevant to current events. Lunch is always a must stop when I am nearby.	1
I've lived 2 blocks away from this place for 6 years and never knew it existed. It's small and virtually hidden next to the Chinese restaurant. We found it on Yelp and I'm so happy we did. It will be my new go to restaurant for delicious, fresh, healthy food. I had the amazing special grilled tofu salad and my boyfriend had the mouthwatering salmon filet salad. Both were flavorful and filling. The vegetables were perfectly ripe and the dressing paired perfectly with the taste sensations of the ingredients. The service was so nice too. The owner even gave a us a fresh guava to take with us that just arrived.	1
This is a great place. The food is amazing and the service is personalized and friendly. The space is very small and the decor is sparse, so if you're looking to have a private conversation, this may not be the place. But for delicious and inspired fish and entrees, an awesome experience, very reasonable prices, and BYOB, this is the place to go!	1
A true find. BYOB and put yourself and your palate in Fidel's hands. You won't regret it!	1
Found this on Yelp and lucky us!  I would never have stopped at this place (Amsterdam &amp; 116th) if I didn't know about it, because of the very unassuming outside and simple inside with photography on the walls.    Soooooo glad we went in.   It was a worthy find! We had the lentil soup, which came with two slices of delicious bread.  Then we had the curry chicken salad sandwich... Just the right amount of curry (for me), bright red tomato, crisp lettuce, fresh avocado on a tasty multigrain roll. Loved it loved it loved it.  Felix, one of the owners, is friendly and welcoming. Found out he is a graduate of the Culinary Institute of America and is originally from Cuba.  He loves the food that he cooks (with Glen) and it certainly shows.   Fresh, delicious and satisfying. This is going on our list of places for lunch and dinner whenever we're on the upper westside.   Go, eat, relax, enjoy!	1
For what this place does and is, it's hard to imagine it being better. Buster's is a hole in the wall. Practically.  I don't think there are are more than twenty seats in its small interior. Yet it all works, tables far enough from each other to make conversation possible. Plus, there's something about the restaurant that just gets people to keep their voices down. Have been there when all seats are taken, and there's just no issue with noise. It's BYOB. Completely. With zero corkage.  The closest decent wine store is on Broadway about two blocks south. If you have to wait for a table, walk over there, buy something good, and bring it back. Fidel is just about as charming a host as one could ask for. Unobtrusive, friendly, and very knowledgeable about the food. I can't recommend the petit filet mignon strongly enough. It's not so petite, either.  Also adore the salads and all the fish possibilities. Ditto on the Freekeh side order of middle eastern grain. Never had it before; loved it. Give it a whirl. You'll be glad you did. On the west side of the street in the middle of the block. Don't blink. You might miss it. Oh yeah. Even my parents like it.	1
If your looking for something very intimate and fresh come here. Great service and you even get cookies after lunch. Not good for a group, but comfy for 2/3.	1
I like this place a lot... my food has always been very good and I have very possitive feelings towards the people running this place so hands on...  However I would not come here with some HUGE expectations prompted by all these lovely reviews. Everything is delicious and priced nicely, and if you are staying in the Hostel across the street there is literally no better set up for your casual meals - you are luckier than I've ever been in my travels in terms of immediate access to affordable yummy and locally sourced foods.  But, if you live a bit of a walk away... the cramped space makes it a little tough to enjoy as much as I'd like, and the food is quite good but unlike for others, nothing really sticks out for me as a must-have. Also my vegetarian friends seem to feel like there should be more veggie options. My hope for these guys is that they can get an influx of cash and open a bigger space and hire some help.. I find myself in some ways enjoying sandwiches at Toast a lot more but I still make it a point to come back to Buster's	1
WHY DON'T I LIVE ON THE UWS?? This place is incredible. Thank you Yelp app for helping me discover Buster's. I stumbled in here after a job interview needing some serious sustenance. I ended up getting one of the daily specials: grilled chicken in some sort of a pepper rub over some fresh made roasted red pepper hummus and roasted eggplant on top of a salad with chopped tomatoes. When I say I could eat this every day, I am absolutely not lying. I am thinking of the next time I can venture from Brooklyn to go here again.	1
I love this place. Without a doubt one of the best places to take a date. Fidel is an incredible guy, the food is always phenomenal.  Get the portobello mushroom salad for one of the tastiest things you've had in your life.  The pricing is super reasonable for the quality of the food, it's intimate, I've been here at least five times and will continue to come back.  Also, I get a huge kick out of the fact that Fidel gets into flame wars on his yelp page.  You get 'em buddy!	1
Healthy food at its best. Delicious specials every day. Try the freekah! This is a great neighbourhood place run by the friendliest dudes you'll ever meet. Go in and say hi to Fidel and Glenn, you won't meet anyone more passionate about good food than these guys. Eating here is like going home for dinner. Love it.	1
The pinnacle of a brief visit to NYC - they pulled off the near impossible, making lentil soup a desired dish.  The pork tenderloin salad and eggplant parmigiana sandwich were  also light and subtly blended. The other dishes that came out of the kitchen looked as thoughtfully prepared  as ours. A truly remarkable experience.	1
I loved the salmon spa salad for lunch. So delicious! A nice slice of grilled salmon with a delicious ginger dressing came on a bed of mixed baby greens, tomatoes, and a few small bits of broccoli. My sister and I split dessert - vanilla ice cream with strawberries and grand marnier. Equally delicious.  Buster's is small - 7 tables? - and the bathroom is through the kitchen. Simple decor and setting that belies the high quality food. Owner Felix was very friendly and provided excellent service. He even shared his recipe for the salmon dressing so  I can make it at home!	1
So, I live about two blocks away from this place.  My friends have been going for a while and I finally got the chance to go for one of their birthdays. Oh man.  Food was amazing.  It was a set menu starting with a Caesar and then a choice of Filet or Cod.  There were sourdough loaves on the table as well which were piping hot and delicious.  I had the filet which came on a bed of vegetables with potatoes au gratin. I am in possession of a gift certificate to this place which I haven't gotten the chance to use.  I will run back to use it now!  Fidel is a great host.  It felt like we were eating at home. It is BYO and bring as much as you want.  Beware that there aren't many tables, but the food is worth the wait.	1
A charming little place. Very spartan atmosphere, but delicious food, simply prepared and fresh. Very nice people also.	1
I love everything about Busters! the food, the atmosphere and most especially Fidel ! We went recently after a winter hiatus and it was just as amazing as ever! So mad we waited so long to go back! I have never had a bad meal here. Everything is so fresh &amp; creative you wind up leaving overwhelmed by the goodness you just consumed!	1
Hidden gem. You'll walk right by it if you're not careful.  The owners have a sense of humor and are always in the kitchen every time I go. The food is selected and prepared with great care. I just wonder when these guys go on vacation!? on Sunday, they make these guava? pastries which are just delectable. Go get them.	1
Affordable healthy gourmet food. Excellent!	1
Great customer service and fresh, light, yummy food!	1
Such an amazing place. Everything is cooked fresh for you and nothing frozen! Best restaurant in the area!	1
Manhattan at its idiosyncratic best.  A near literal hole in the wall jammed packed with a few tables, with the idyllic owner milling around greeting all of his many regulars by name.  Just on the verge of being too precious without falling over the edge. Hidden on a grim and very down UWS block (weird, right?),  this charming slapdash cafe wears its occupy-friendly politics on its sleeve, with daily specials with names like "Arrest Bank of America" and the like, although I must say the not-exactly cheap prices don't necessarily support all the rhetoric.    Whatever your political leanings,  the place is definitely worth a visit when in the area on the strength of the food, which a soulful earnest passion is applied to.  Great care and effort is put into it, and it really shows. The menu is overall somewhat healthy-leaning, and certainly there are a great number of healthy options available.  Sandwich making is an greatly under appreciated art form in this town, and some of the offerings here are surely among the best sandwiches in the city.  One such specimen is the grilled chicken club, its exemplary.    Grilled chicken breast pounded perfectly thin topped with ideally proportioned layers of tomatoes, avocado, a think layer of fresh lettuce and a light splash of mayo.  The multi-grain buns, not that commonly available an option, are really really good here, you don't feel like you are getting short changed at all.   The side salad is composed of generous and varied amounts of farm fresh vegetables. The chicken burger is about as healthy as you can get.  It has an unexpected and almost jarring sweetness but was commendably not dried out, a frequent problem when it comes to ground chicken.  Its served without any accoutrement's other than ketchup, and I must admit I was a little disappointed when my request for some hot sauce was met with a surprising flat out "no".   That aside the place is really good and its overall style really must be seen to be believed.	1
OMG Buster, how could I forget you??  THIS PLACE IS THE SHIT. 10 stars. Looking for a great lunch made with all local, fresh, organic, what are some other hip sounding words?? AH screw it. It's FRESH and delicious and I may or may not have fallen in love with the owner during my hour long lunch there.  He's so passionate about what he does and he truly makes you feel the you're the only customer there.  Well in our case we were the only customers there (came in between 2-4, totes restaurant dead times, lunch and dinner limbo). It took us a second to find, the quintessential hole in the wall, diamond in the rough in the Upper West Side. Looks COMPLETELY unassuming. It's essentially a small room with a few tables and chairs (maybe 4 or 5) and it's attached by a doorway to a kitchen in the back where the Owner/head chef/my future husband darts in and out of changing hats instantaneously from our waiter, to our entertainment, to our chef.  OMG.  OK I guess I'll write my love letter somewhere else.  But the FOOD dear god this was one of the best sandwiches of my life and i'm not even exaggerating. I got the chicken club on the brioche and added brie onto that sucka.  YOU MUST GET THIS. Srsly. Best Sammich ever. I also got the salad of the day cause imma fatty like that and it was delicious.  We mentioned to the owner, is his name Buster? I feel weird refering to him like that--anyways-- we mentioned we loved the sliced peaches that came on my salad.  It reminded me of Seinfeld. "The Mackinaw peaches Jerry! They make your taste buds come alive. It's like having a circus in your mouth!"  At the end of the meal, 'Buster' brought us a small sugar plum and a couple cookies on the house.  Bravo, we love you. xo	1
Perfect little lunch spot on the UWS! I live nearby and have been meaning to check out Buster's for a while now. So glad that I finally did. Great selection of salads, sandwiches, and wraps. It's the type of place that I've been desperately searching for after moving uptown a few months ago. I got The Derby and the soup of the day (a bean and vegetable medley). My friend got the Portabella Salad. Everything was light, fresh, and delicious! The staff was equally friendly and let's not forget the complimentary oatmeal cookies that came with the check. I'll definitely be back!	1
Very small space means you may need to wait for a table, but it's well worth it! The staff is so nice, the ingedrients are fresh, all natural and local. Its nice to know you can feel good about what you're putting in your bodu because of the commitment to healthy/natural foods on the part of the management: can't say that about most upscale restaurants and drum roll please...the food is five star, for real. Hands down THE BEST turkey sandwich I have ever had. Excellent salad and soup. Will come back for the pasta and entrees. Reasonably priced.	1
This is the best undiscovered restaurant in New York City.  That is all.	1
In post-Sandy Manhattan, lunch options have become limited (restaurants have trouble with staffing due to transportation outages).  My sister was willing to wait in line at a Thai place for an hour-- I was not.  We walked all over the UWS and considered everything before she suggested Buster's, a small inconspicuous place on Amsterdam.  I was more hungry than picky at that point, but quickly very pleasantly surprised. A charming no-frills interior holds less than 15 tables, and simplistic but comfortable furniture.  The art on the walls is interesting, stimulating and easy to ignore or turn into a conversation, depending on your preference.  If you get the owner talking the art has some interesting stories, like the work of the jazz artist in the corner. The menu reads as items that you can get all over town.  Indeed, I can order a turkey sandwich at more than a dozen places in a few blocks radius in this area: Corner Cafe, Europan, Manhattan Diner, Manchester Diner, many bodegas, West Side Market, Toast.  However, as a Philadelphian who squirms when people say "steak and cheese" and who regularly pines for Atlantic City Italian Bread, I can tell you with certainty that there are very very few good sandwiches in this town.  The Buster's turkey artichoke sandwich has given me hope to carry on.  This sandwich connoisseur has found her lunch spot.  It's the perfect size, shape, oozy messiness, and deliciously filling.  Served warm-- I could not have been happier! The staff was friendly and attentive-- I never had to ask to have our water refilled.  Mid-afternoon was a great time to go to feel really attended to.  The warm, homemade oatmeal cookies at the end were a perfect little finish. We are definitely going back!	1
Very good fresh food made from local produce served by a genuinely nice and open hearted guy. Go here!	1
It's been said this is the best undiscovered restaurant in New York City. I couldn't agree more. The menu is amazing. This is healthy &amp; delicious food. Proof that not everything has to be fried or coated in sugar to be appetizing. The specials are always unique and affordable as well. This place actually introduced me to Freekeh, a middle eastern green wheat grain, which I now crave.  It is small and easy to walk right past. I promise you - go there and this will become your "secret spot" too. But...psstt...let's try to keep it that way, okay? At least until they get a bigger place! Oh and, Fidel - I love you.	1
I have nothing but amazing things to say about this wonderful little treasure of a restaurant!! I wish I could give them 100 stars! I've lived in NYC for almost 14 years and this is hands down my favorite place. Not only is the food always incredibly outstanding and fresh but the service goes above and beyond!! Fidel makes you feel like you are having dinner in his home and is so warm and inviting! We love his vibe and appreciate that he has gotten to know us over the years. Glenn's menu and specials blow me away every time. He cooks exactly like you would expect someone to that really LOVES what they do. Thank you both for making such a special place! And to all the negative reviewers - you obviously don't respect what goes into creating such an awesome place with literally 2 people at the helm! I am amazed how hard those two work and any negativity you post is most likely a reflection on you and not on this charming place! Perfection on the upper west side!! Love you guys!!!  -Agnes &amp; John	1
This is such a delicious restaurant, and though small, I've fortunately been pretty lucky about being seated. That shouldn't happen, cause this place has delicious food, so I figured I'd do my part and write a review, even if it makes getting a reservation harder.  The menu changes, the owner is personable and usually present. He also takes a lot of pride in his restaurant and cooking, which makes being there even better. Prices are exceptionally reasonable, too.  My one complaint is that I live in the neighborhood, and though I've called in for delivery at least 7-8 times, it's never available "on that day". I guess he hasn't formally done away with offering it, or maybe on some rare occasions it is available, but I just keep missing out. And it's definitely a place I'd order from often. There are some great, convenient sandwiches and salads as well as more elaborate meals.	1
Both delicious and nutritious.  The venue is tiny but the food is hand cooked.  The waiter was a little overwhelming for my tastes but very nice and pleasant.  Even the cook spoke to us!	1
This is one of those places that you don't want to write about in fear of it becoming too popular.  We moved here from SF 6 months ago and this is the kind of place we've been looking for. Understated, quaint as all get out, locally sourced fresh food, super reasonable prices with a host/owner who makes you feel like your meal was one of a kind prepared just for you.  We went in Friday night on our last date as a "kid-less couple" and it was a perfect experience. We started with chilled cucumber soup, I had soba noodles with grilled shrimp, my husband had the filet over some sort of yummy grain with vegetables and we finished the meal with the best chocolate mousse we've ever had.  Shhhh...don't tell anyone! Now we need to find a babysitter asap so we can get back to Busters!	1
food: simple, fresh, well prepared.  service: served by the owner. extremely personable but was spread thin when the place filled as he was the only waiter.  atmosphere: cozy.	1
I went her for lunch around 12:30 on a Tuesday afternoon.  It was empty when I arrived, but full by the time myself and my two friends left. I had the chicken club (with bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomatoe, and I added brie cheese) on a brioche bun.  It was delicious. One friend had the derby (which was the same as my club, except in a wrap and with blue cheese).  He seemed very happy My other friend had one of the salads and she was very satsified with hers. What really gives this place 5 stars, however, is the service.  It's a small place and the owners come out to take your oder, give you water, etc.  They are extremely friendly and chill people. Yes a sandwich is a little on the pricer side (9-11) typically.  But you get what you pay for.  Organic, local flavorful food with excellent service.	1
I had wanted to try Busters ever since I stumbled upon it on Yelp one day two years ago but the UWS is such a trek for me from Brooklyn. Opportunity presented itself last week when I visited my friend who lives on the UWS. We decided to have dinner at Busters and it did not disappoint. I was a little disappointed at first because the restaurant menu listed a variation on the smoked salmon sandwich's fillings. I had my eye on that sandwich after looking at the online menu which listed it as having capers, pickled onions, and cornichons, and I LOVE pickles. They were out of pickles but I decided to get the sandwich anyway. My smoked salmon sandwich on lightly toasted brioche with cream cheese, capers, and onions was heavenly and it was the perfect ratio of ingredients that left me satisfyingly full. My friend ordered the chicken burger made with free roaming, organic chicken. She thoroughly enjoyed her meal and neither one of us could stop commenting on how fresh and delicious our meals tasted. Both of our meals came with a side salad, each with a different dressing to compliment our meals, I assume. In addition, we got complimentary lemon cookies at the end! So yummy. Fidel was our server. He was so welcoming and knowledgeable about food, and his love for food was evident in the way he spoke about it. The whole experience was so delightful. We were so engrossed in our meals and with catching up that we didn't notice 2 hours had flown by, and no one gave us a hard time about lingering! I am so glad Busters extended its hours.  It was well worth the wait and the trip. I will definitely be making many more trips back to Busters.	1
Doesn't get much better than this--creative, well prepared food, BYOB, a welcoming host and  a really cozy atmosphere. From the warm bread to the great chocolate mousse, you can't miss with Busters. Every dish I've had here is five star. Highly recommend.	1
Buster's is a wonderful lunch spot.  I decided to go after reading all the positive reviews.  The restaurant is clean and simple, just tables and chairs.  The chef is cooking in the back.  Somehow I felt a connection to the owners although we did not converse much.  I ordered past primavera, the daily special, and I was delighted.  The veggies were yummy --- yes that's right --YUMMY.  I can't even remember what was in there- artichokes, mushrooms, asparagus, perhaps?  They were cooked perfectly and tasted heavenly.  A perfect lunch dish. Such a nice place to stop and have a real lunch meal.  I'll be going back.	1
Cramped space but the heater was on. The service was very good but sort of slow. The food was all very fresh and delicious. The bathroom was through the kitchen but very nice!	1
Met my brother here for lunch last week.  We both loved it.  Our meal was ended with complimentary homemade oatmeal cookies :) Pros: Fresh Healthy Great for lunch Cons: Small space Portions can be on the smaller side Favorites: Milano chicken wrap Popeye salad	1
What a great find. Not only was the veggie wrap DELICIOUS and reasonably priced (8.50), but the owner was fantastic and oh so friendly. I was visiting from out of town, but his hospitality made me wish I lived here. He knew everyone who walked trough the door, including: A little old lady and her caretaker A younger hip couple A Latino lady with whom he conversed in what seemed like perfect Spanish.  He asked them all about their lives and seemed genuinely excited for them. What a cool place. Wish I could be a regular.	1
The aboslute BEST in the neighborhood, this is what an establishment should be like. I usually speak to just the quality of food, as service is a secondary consideration if at all. So, the food; GREAT. First off, they're all organic, and that's not some obscure, esoteric concept anymore. I mean, they don't take foods from factories, thousands of miles away, that have no standards or nutritional value to you. They could, and I'm sure life would be much simpler and affordable. But they don't, and this place is STILL affordable.  I usually get the same hangover remedy every saturday, chicken club sandwich and lentil soup. YUM! So good, fresh food, but most importantly still TASTES good. And for like 11 or 12 dollars, not a cheap lunch, but not exorbitant by any means, and quality is delivered. Every other dish I've dabbled in, is always good too.  Best part, the guys that run the place, Fidel and Glenn, are totally awesome, great couple of guys that no your name and are ALWAYS glad you came. A nice touch in an area of shady types serving questionable cuisine. It's nice to support a local business that is easy to support, it's a no brainer, good food, great price, and great people.	1
I glanced over the yelp reviews I've written in the past, and I noticed I have a tendency to only write negative reviews.  Since I'm such a Scrooge apparently, I decided to think of a place I'd give 10 STARS to if I could.  Buster's is the FIRST place that popped up in my mind.  Yes, Ebenezer over here LOVES this place.  It's not fancy at all (not great for a date) but it's by far the restaurant with the freshest, healthiest, and most well thought out menu.  It's clear that a true chef works here and pays attention to every detail.  I guarantee anything you order will be fresh and delicious, especially the daily specials.  Also, when I order something for pick-up, they always include fresh cookies or fruit...it's a nice touch.  Buster's should be your neighborhood go-to spot.	1
I've been here once before, when they first opened but for some reason I didn't think it was as exceptional as I do now.  Although i ordered take out, the food was just as good as you would have eaten it at the restaurant. Perfectly packaged and they even give you the cookie too! I got the Caesar Wrap and much to my surprise, it was perfect!! Not over sauced, great crunchy croutons, perfectly cooked chicken, and to top it off, slices of crisp apples inside. Very tasty and the portion size was fairly large but not overwhelming. The guy handling my take out was pleasant and friendly.	1
This place is great. Food is fresh, delicious and not expensive. The atmosphere is quiet and relaxing and the staff is both helpful and courteous - I am definitely coming back!	1
Wonderful and professional service!  We also bought a bottle of red wine to go with our dinner and the waiter was kind enough to uncork and pour each of a drink.  We were a party of 4 and each one of us loved this place.	1
This place is outstanding. The food is fresh and delicious. Highly recommend getting whatever the special is for the day. The place is really small though and has only one server so make sure to get there early and prepare to wait. The server is	1
This is by far the best place in NYC. The food is fabulous and Fidel and Glenn are wonderful, friendly and entertaining. We love going there whenever we are in the city, and it always is a warm and inviting place. It is just like home. My husband and I have been very proud to bring a number of our friends to Buster's and we have never been disappointed! Fidel and Glenn always go above and beyond. Their love for their craft is reflected in the food and the ambiance of Buster's. The only thing that could make it better is if they could come to Staten Island! We love the food!	1
Awesome little spot that I walked by more then a few times before stopping in. Had The Hatfield wrap, which contains hot roast beef, swiss, onions and horseradish served with an arugula salad. Everything was fresh and tasty, and we got a very awesome preserves/cheese stuff pastry at the end. Can't wait to eat here again!	1
Great little place that specializes on spatinental cuisine. According to their website this is "their brand of healthy food prepared with farm-fresh, locally grown and wholesome ingredients. It is inspired by Mediterranean and Asian cuisine, using ingredients such as cilantro, ginger, soy, sun-dried tomatoes and pesto to liven up the sandwiches, salads and entrees." Also nice mood music sets the tone.	1
What a superb little restaurant! I had the Asian Salmon as an entree -- it was phenomenal! And the host is very friendly/ the service is great. A must if you're in the area!	1
SUCH a great find. The food is reasonably priced, delicious and the service was prompt and amazing. The food is so fresh and healthy. Try the Derby or Broadway wrap!	1
Spatinental Cuisine...yes, wtf is it?  As described on their website it's a heart-healthy movement with food emphasizing ingredients and letting that speak for itself. By the end of our meal I was convinced that they have without a doubt succeded in letting their food speak.  As was mentioned Fidel and Glenn are dedicated and enthusiastic in their work. They take pride in the food they produce and it shows! Truly fresh and tasty ingredients which makes just fantastic flavors.  I had the turkey burger, which I am ALWAYS skeptical when ordering. But the patty came out juicy and flavorful the multigrain bread was crunchy and soft at all the right places. We also ordered a freshly blended juice drink which was fresh and delicious. I will for sure be coming back to Buster's often in the time that I am living in the UWS. The best thing about Buster's is, that the food is affordable! I think these guys just love cooking great food period.	1
We went to Buster's because of the 4.5 star rating, with absolutely no prior knowledge of what to expect. We were blown away by the steaks and the crab cakes. Brilliant!	1
I continue to have an amazing experience dining here. My food is always made perfectly, so there are no "good days" and "bad days". Spot on, every time. Cozy environment and two men that love feedback and are genuinely nice to their customers. I will continue to eat here even after I no longer have to go to the UWS for class. I live in the FiDi and am planning on going there for dinner tonight...totally out of my way...but totally worth the trip.	1
I have to agree with my fellow yelpers, this place is a gem! I almost walked right by it, it's tiny, but the food is fantastic!  My aunt ordered the special Eggplant and Mozzarella sandwich while I asked for the Tuna Melt Club and then we shared. Both were messy and delicious! Very pleasing to the taste buds, as well as filling and relatively healthy. Sandwiches are served with salad garnish and we were brought complimentary chocolate chip cookies with the check (not sure if this is par for the course or because we were the only customers at the time?). The service was delightful,  the price tag reasonable,  and the food exactly what I didn't know I was craving.  Definitely check it out.	1
Can't beat BYOB paired with excellent food. The prices are incredibly reasonable considering (a) how lovingly the food is prepared, and (b) how attentive and friendly the staff are. Buster's is an absolute gem in New York City - the food is creative, fresh, and flavorful. It's worth a trip even if you're coming from another borough. I haven't had lunch, but it's adorable for a dinner date.	1
My boss took me to this joint a year ago as it is located near our office. I was really curious about the food, as my boss would rave on how fresh the food is. Hence I decided to try the Spa Salmon Fillet Salad and sure enough, you can't get any fresher than this. The fish and vegetables looked and tasted fresh and good. Unfortunately, I wasn't starving that day as I really wanted to try more of their dishes. The space is pretty small but wasn't full for lunch on a weekday, around noon. I'm okay with small intimate spaces as long as I don't have to wait for a seat. Also, both owners run the restaurant themselves as one works at the back of the house as the chef and one works at the front as the host/ server. After eating here, I really felt the passion of the owners having their own restaurant to serve good reasonably priced food to its patrons. Unfortunately, I don't stop in the area as much as I don't work in that location anymore. I guess the only thing I wish they did was open an hour earlier for lunch (they open at 12pm) as we where there at 11:30am and had to wait a bit for them to open and set up. But it was definitely worth the wait and I can't wait to go back!	1
Buster's is now open for dinner so...why are you reading this...? GO! This evening's sumptuous repast consisted of broiled snapper over quinoa with veggies. It was, as Buster's food always is, out of this world. There was a key lime pie for dessert that even I (who won't touch a dessert that doesn't start with "choco...") was knocked out by--killer graham cracker crust! There are too many Starbucks, Subways, and (Christ!) even a Domino's in this 'hood. Support local, homegrown, and GREAT spots like Buster's.	1
Oh Buster's!  We live around the corner from our recent new discovery...Buster's. I could eat there twice a day for the rest of my life.  All the food is local and fresh. It's selected with love and made with love. I am a little embarrassed that I go too often.   Give this inexpensive treasure a try.  BYOB	1
This place is healthy, cheap and delicious.  The owners/chefs are so nice and are eager to answer any questions you might have about the food.   BYOB, they accept cash and card. Great place for sandwiches and wraps, although they have a few entree items that are to die for.	1
Extremely fresh and tasty, and very friendly service, also. The owners Fidel Hernandez and Glenn Trickel are dedicated to the use of ingredients from local farms. The place is small with modest to none decorations, but it's apparent that all investments went into the qualities of food. A perfect place to grab a sandwich or salad.	1
What an eclectic, local treat.  I had read all of the positive reviews on yelp and was intrigued by how they said Buster's food was healthy, organic, and the owners were really down to earth.  I called and ordered and the food was at my house in 30 minutes.  The neat thing was, one of the owners, Fidel actually delivered it and he refused me when I tried to tip him more than a dollar.  After he left I ran after him to give him a flier about the Falun Gong persecution happening in China to which he thanked me and gave his support.  Cool guy. Now the food:  I had the Charlie Brown sandwich and the first thing I noticed when I opened the bag was that it was packaged with love.  All eating utensils were neatly packed and there was a tasty little cheese and raspberry? filled pastry inside.  Delightful.  The sandwich was in top form - an amazing bun that felt slightly buttery with lots of grains sprinkled on top, a good portion of roast beef, caramelized onions, tomato and a hint of horseradish.  All of these elements worked together to create a very balanced, completely satisfying little sandwich.  The meal didn't electrify my taste-buds, but it didn't need to; it was just right - the right amount of flavor that personified a slightly more professional version of what mom would cook at home.  Combine this with the refreshing salad that came with the sandwich and the $8 price tag and you have a dining equation that adds up to excellent.   The true test now for this restaurant is consistency on my next order.  But, if all of the other 5 star reviews are right, I think the crew at Buster's already have it down pat.	1
Excellent food and quietly friendly service.  Large roast beef sandwich was delicious, and only $7 at lunchtime.	1
This is the place for healthy lunch or early supper (or take-out/delivery) in the Columbus/Amsterdam/Morningside Heights area. The two owners call the food they lovingly prepare at this tiny, friendly eatery "Spatinental Cuisine." Try any of the soups, salads, wraps, and sandwiches, all made with the freshest local ingredients -- i.e., from Hudson Valley or NJ farms. I especially enjoyed the Spa Burger Salad -- a small turkey burger over a big platter of greens with a delicious avocado salsa. Beverages include fresh juices, fruit teas and smoothies. Too bad they close at 7 pm.	1
This restaurant is quite a treat!  The sandwich selection is great, the soup I had was excellent, the prices are reasonable if not even more economically conscious than many restaurants, and the quality of the food is VERY high.  The owners are hospitable and friendly, and the atmosphere is pleasant.  This is now my favorite place to get a sandwich!  To top it off, they brought us a small complimentary dessert to finish our meal with.  Stop by if you're in the neighborhood - you can't do better than this for lunch!	1
So delicious! Was meeting a friend here for brunch and arrived about 15 minutes early. The staff was so friendly and accommodating, let me hang out and read for awhile and even brought complimentary watermelon slices to the table. On top of exceptionally friendly service, the food is AMAZING! It is the most flavorful simple food. Their special was a chicken wrap with eggplant, hummus and a romaine salad. It was moist and flavored perfectly. The prices are also ridiculously reasonable. A huge wrap and a side salad was $6.75. I think the most expensive thing on the menu was like $12. At the end of the meal they bring you complimentary cookies as well. Just a really nice place to grab lunch or dinner.  Warning. Keep your eyes peeled for it though. My friend and I both walked by it! If you miss it, walk turn around and go back. So worth it!!!!	1
good nosh. menu changes every day depending on what's fresh and locally available. two princes of men manning the small kitchen, roasting chicken breasts and fresh turkey, whipping up salads, baking cookies and deserts. i think most of what they do is actually in catering, so the restaurant isnt necessarily the full monty, kind of a whole in the wall, you'll walk right past it if you're not careful.  not terribly glamorous, and kind of on the expensivish side for lunch, like ten twelve bucks with a drink, tips seem kind of optional. but if you have the time, definitely worth sitting down, the sandwiches, which typically come with a small salad and a cookie or two for desert, are unbelievably good. fresh bread pops, fresh and tasty ingredients inside, good deal, man, good deal. plus its gonna be cold soon, soup will be back on the menu,  yum.  ok, its not the greatest location, so if you're looking to be seen you might want to make your way over to broadway or a little further downtown. if you care about that kind of thing, this is probably not the place for you. but, if you're in the neighborhood, like up at columbia, for example, and  looking for a change of pace for a good lunch, this is a GREAT place to sit and have a bite.  to repeat, the quality and freshness of the food is typically exceptional. two thumbs up. way up.	1
Went here tonight for dinner and was really impressed.  Great food, great service, personal touches, all for very reasonable prices.  We had the asian salmon with freekah (first time for me, it's a grain from the Middle East) and vegetables and the chicken pellaird with mashed potatoes and vegetables.  Delicious and fresh, with great presentation.  I believe we were served by the owner, who clearly takes a lot of pride in the food he serves and the service his guests receive at his restaurant.  Will definitely be back.	1
Let me start off by saying that I don't normally write reviews, I'm really more of a leech when  it comes to Yelp.  Anyways, this is one of the few times I've felt the need to actually write a review. There are a few different things that are great about this place.  The first, and one that seems to have been said ad nauseam, is that the food is fresh, healthy, organic, and considering these things, also very affordable. The owners are so down to earth and you can tell that they really take pride in what they do.  You really don't see that too often and it's quite refreshing. Lastly, the biggest thing that I took away (besides feeling incredibly satisfied) is that these guys really do put every dollar into the food.  It's a small space on Amsterdam (not Broadway) and there are hardly any decorations.  They bring your food out with paper napkins that they probably buy at Walmart and a pint glass of water.  No frills and I love it.  You can tell they spend as much money as possible on getting the best ingredients money can buy.  If my memory serves me well, I think Fidel said the turkey, chicken, and lamb were all from a farm in northern NJ.  The veggies were all from a farm in Wycoff.  Anyways, I'll stop rambling now but I can tell you that I'll be adding Busters to my repertoire of local spots.	1
Simply delicious.  Is there anything not to love about this place?  The only thing I would note is that it cost about twice as much as the other reviews had led me to believe -- one lunch entree (salmon filet over greens) with a glass of tap water, tax and tip was $17.  But it was worth it :)	1
I ate brunch here and thought it was nutritious, delicious, and affordable! Also, the owner was there and was very interested in the patrons' satisfaction.  It is an itty, bitty restaurant with very lovely food and service.	1
Great place where you can tell they really like what they do. We never would have found it if I hadn't seen it on Yelp on my phone. Highly recommended.	1
I have to upgrade Busters to 5 stars based on the chicken milano I just had.  This place is a tiny slice of heaven.  I think they painted or something since my last time here b/c it feels a little cozier inside than I remember.	1
Just because my husband and I like to know the animals we eat led decent lives, and we appreciate the nutritional content of pastured meats, doesn't mean we want to go to some fussy fancy place every time it's the end of a long day at work and we discover there's no food in the fridge. What's a low-key locavore to do? The answer is Buster's. Farm-to-table, high-quality ingredients and loving preparation applied to regular old sandwiches - a burger, a turkey club - remarkably, offered at regular old sandwich prices. The blue cheese on my burger was rich and pungent - a world away from the pile of blue cheese crumbles I'd come to expect from blue-burgers. My husband made a happy noise as soon as he bit into his chicken-eggplant sandwich. The decor is quite pleasant - jazz in the background, candles lit on pretty wooden tables - but the food is the unpretentious, delicious star of the show. Places like Buster's are why I keep coming back to New York, even though I don't like it here all that much.	1
Great food and a great atmosphere. Owners sit out and talk to customers, which is a nice change. Have to be on the lookout for it though, as it easy to walk straight by.	1
I absolutely LOVE Busters! I work right across the street from this tiny little restaurant and go at least once every week. I like everything I order, and I mean everything. Their food comes from a little farm in New Jersey which the owner visits frequently. Local ingredients, hooray! The staff is super friendly and attentive and will answer any and all questions you have about their food and where it is sourced from. I highly recommend this place if you are nearby! The only downside is that the interior is so small, but they recently renovated, making room for two more tables. Still, if you go right at lunchtime there may not be room to eat. Just get it to go and enjoy!!	1
Wow! From such a fancy shmancy establishment I totally didn't expect such amazing food! Carnitas were totally tender. Woah. Juiciness. Softness. Oh, supple pig, I thank thee for thine existence. Next, the carne asada! Little over moist but that's a preference. Totally great. The home made corn tortilla  was thick and the veggies were great. Hot sauce was a nice kick!  The home made horchata was the best I've had in NYC. To die for. Or not die, because you can't enjoy it again afterward, but certainly sell your soul to demons for it. But the Masa fries were what made my eyes and tongue roll from their respective sockets. Oh woman! They were drool worthy. I will think of them often. Service was sweet too! Bummed by the lack of restroom. Also that the seating area was small. But understanding the NYC context, I forgive them and won't deduct a star. Thanks ladies and men! And other genders too. You all rocked here!	1
Uhhhhhbsessed w this place. Had a couple shrimp tacos ($3.50 each) and masa fries ($2). The other tacos (chicken, carne asada, and others were $3 each. Each taco is about the size of my palm. Guac is $0.45 whooooo! Was so good I went back the next day and ordered the same thing. I very well may go back tomorrow and the day after and the day after that as well.  There's enough seating for ~15 people along a wall w stools and a long table. You order at the counter and pick up your food on a tray or togo.  So yummmmmmmmy. This LA girl approves!	1
Brooklyn comes to Manhattan &amp; the Eastside comes West with great tacos. I had heard &amp; read how great the tacos are and they are. Only gripe is tight seating &amp; no Lou. Food wise: Flavors are BIG! Ate: Chicken taco Mushroom taco Chips &amp; guac Rice &amp; beans All tacos are on housemade corn tortillas &amp; they are juicy good. I really liked the mushroom &amp; warm chips and retried beans &amp; containers too. $13 buckaroos! Great spot near the Christopher St. Tube.	1
Delicious, delicious food, especially at 1am on a Friday night after a beer or two. I live in the area and this type of place is a rare breed.  Not too many options for quality, cheap food in a casual environment where you order from the counter. Also a nice alternative to the typical late night falafel. Ordered carne asada tacos, masa fries and guacamole. Each was good, surprisingly unique and a decent portion size. The tacos had homemade tortillas that were thicker than usual but tasty. Masa fries were hearty and came with some type of spicy mayo sauce that was really good in combination with the guacamole.	1
My favorite taco spot in NYC now has an outpost on the West side! Definitely a unique taco experience - shells are made in house and like nothing I've had before. The shrimp taco is my favorite, and if you're in the mood try the masa fries - essentially their taco shell ingredients formed like a fry and fried - I've heard the accompanying sauce described as 'crack'. Enjoy!	1
So, this review is probably about 15 visits late, but hey better late than never. The first time I stumbled upon this spot I was looking for a something meatless for Friday, since I was following Lent, so I went with the mushroom taco.   It was so good that I immediately, and somewhat embarrassingly, ordered a shrimp taco, and that was great, too.   So, for about 14 consistent visits I've ordered mushroom and shrimp tacos, but today I decided to also order the Carne Asada, so I didn't appear to be an obsessive freak.   Well damn, the Carne Asada taco was off the charts, too. What I like about their tacos is the size(fairly small), the tortillas(homemade corn), and the ingredients(mostly meat or veggie and some onions or other sauces).  They don't ruin the flavor by adding a bunch of sour cream, cheese, and other stuff.  You can also request guacamole, which is also very tasty. I recently tried another taco spot that is highly rated(it's on Delancey street).   Otto's was hands down better and I love that their consistent. I will say that their customer loyalty program sucks but given that I'll still come to this spot at least once a week, I guess it's not really a big deal.   Their program is that once you accumulate 100 points you receive a 15% discount(you also receive a 15% discount on your first purchase on the program).  The discounts are rewarded back to your card.   Anyway, you can't go wrong with the Otto's crew	1
my favorite tacos! Pretty cheap for new york and staff is funny and helpful! cute atmosphere in a cool neighborhood.	1
As a Mexican-American with a grandma whose fluffy hands make the best corn tortillas, I am finnicky about my tacos. And my tortillas. Otto's food is spot on. They put a creative spin on all the classics, and the end result is flavor awesomeness. My favorites are the fish, shrimp and carne asada tacos. Especially the fish. Masa fries are not be missed, and the beans and rice were good supporting actors. The beans are creamy, all thanks to the pork fat that they use. The only miss was the horchata. The flavor is good, but the consistency is a bit heavy for my liking. I think La Esquina remains the best in this liquid category.	1
Decided to order for another office lunch after reading the reviews. Mixed chicken, steak and pork tacos. The pork tacos were def my fav. It was very flavorful and had plenty of seasoning and juiciness. The chicken I felt was a little bit under cooked. Since I don't eat red meat I can't fully judge but was told by my coworkers they really loved them. We also ordered sides: rice and beans, chips and guac and chips and salsa. And finished with some yummy churros with caramel dipping sauce! Considering I ordered late in the morning, the food was definitely delivered on time for 7 people for lunch time.	1
Really good and very affordable. Every visit the staff makes me smile. Thanks Otto! I think the shrimp taco is the best....	1
As a West Village resident for almost a decade, one of the main reasons why I stay in the neighborhood (besides the quiet cobblestone tree covered streets) is the food. There are SO MANY GOOD restaurants in the West Village. However, through the years, as rents have increased and a lot of the smaller casual restaurants have been forced out, the ability to grab something delicious and quick has dwindled.  Enter: Otto's Tacos. I've been a huge fan (and good friend of, supporter of, collaborator with and advocate of) their food since they opened in the East Village last year, so I am thrilled to have them come to my neighborhood. FULL DISCLOSURE: I am totally biased, they are family. But the bias comes from a good place. I wouldn't eat the food of my best friend, mother, brother or sister if I didn't like it. Maybe my father. And I definitely wouldn't advocate for it, support it and promote it if I didn't love it. Otto's food is fresh, simple and packed with bold flavors. My favorites are the shrimp, mushroom, carne asada and their now infamous deep-friend taco - the Gorgon. Wash it all down with a delicious (and affordable) beer and their perfectly crunchy Masa Fries (yup, tortilla + french fries had a baby and that baby is delicious). I highly recommend coming in for a taco or five. The West Village casual dining scene is a much better place with these guys (and Mighty Quinn's just around the corner! Amazing!) now in it. I guarantee if you live in 10014, this is your new go-to.	1
Simplicity executed well, Otto's gets 3.5 stars rounded up to 4 for being in this immediate area which is sort of a desert for good fast casual food. Otto's is a quick taco stand style spot specializing in fresh corn tortillas for the tacos.  They are excellent tortillas texturally and flavor wise.   I'd like a touch lower on the price point for a taco that takes 15seconds to prepare, but at $3.25 per, it isn't awful.   Compared to the taco place inside Chelsea Market, otto's doesn't come close however. and there is no self serve toppings bar.  In any case, it is nice to have in this area a fresh tortilla authentic style taco spot.	1
These tacos are some of the best in nyc and that coming from a Californian! Simple menu, cheap price, flavorful meat and great tortillas. Fast service too. We will definitely be back. They are really simple: meat, onions, one kind of salsa and cilantro.	1
the tortillas are fresh and home made which is a rarity in NYC, the flavors feel very authentic and more like LA than NY (in a good way). I tried the Baja tacos and the guacamole, both were A+ excellent. looking fw to trying everything else on the menu.	1
Stopped by yesterday; glad I did! There are not enough "quick eats" in the 10014; restaurants, yes. But, besides sloppy pizza slices or coffee/cookie type places, there are little options for speedy and delicious eats with no fuss. Impressive news: TACOS in the West Village!! Yum. No more freezing my bum off at the chorizo trucks around the 1 train stop at Christopher Street. (Actually, I stopped that practice awhile ago and as such, there's been a taco drought in my winter soul.) No more. With Otto's Taco, you can sit down on a comfortable stool at their communal table that peeps Seventh avenue.  That's what I did yesterday, and it was a yummy good time. I had the chicken taco made with cilantro and onion, then an order of rice and beans. Fresh ingredients and taste home-made;  I thought I would save the rice and beans for later.  Nope, I ate them all and wondered if I should get an order to go. My diet and budget rained in my enthusiasm. But, there will be a next time. Hey Otto's Taco: any chance for a taco-stamp card? I'm almost afraid of one; look out coffee addiction, you might have company. Note: I am not family but if I were, I would eat there daily. Seriously. I lean towards  a paleo-type diet, when I can...	1
Fabulous tacos.  Never had better. Had pork with green salsa.   Taco shell flexible. And tasty as well as filling.  Still yearning for more.	1
Aside from the owner being super friendly and attentive, Primo 135 has a great ambiance and the food is absolutely amazing. My friend and I walked in after noticing the $25 weekend brunch special banner outside. I ordered the Salmon Benedict, which came with a yogurt parfait, side salad, and baby potatoes. On the eggs was the best hollandaise sauce I've ever tasted.  Also, BOTTOMLESS BELLINIS. (Or mimosas, sangria, coffee, or soda.) And by bottomless, I mean it. The owner refilled our drinks five times without us asking!!  Will definitely be coming back in the near future.	1
I have nothing bad to say about this place. It's absolutely incredible. The food is fantastic. The service is great. And the ambiance is gorgeous.  I got the chicken parm. Yum! You MUST order the 'aroncini bolognese'. Absolutely delicious. The wine was also great.  This is my new favorite restaurant in the city. I know that's a big statement but it is!	1
We enjoyed our evening at Primo135. Staff was friendly and attentive. We were sitting by the window, and it was a bit strange when the waitress asked if my wife would light the candles on the window sill.  It would have been more appropriate had she asked us to kindly move out of the way for a second so she could get to the candles.  Not a big deal, just an odd way to start a meal.  The restaurant is small, but they've done a nice job with the place.  The design is modern and fresh.  As was the food!  We each had a different pasta dish, and all were plentiful and delicious.  The arancini was one huge rice ball.  Great appetizer to share.  Overall a pleasant experience.	1
Our meal was absolutely phenomenal and Gary the owner is the absolute man! The eggplant parm is by far the best I've had in my life. The tuna tartar and arancini are must orders as well! Can't wait to come back.	1
A wonderful little Italian spot to head to in the village.  The space is very inviting with a cozy ambiance.  We were six and sat in what felt like a private area with the noise level   leaving us the ability to speak to one another.   The food was delicious.  We began with an eggplant tower, cheese platter, a beet salad and a caesar.  Entrees were shrimp, pasta's and fish and all were presented with the right portions.  Not too much and not too little.  My meatballs were to die for with  spaghetti.  The simple dishes are the true tests.  Creme Brûlée and chocolate cake were on target.  A very reasonable wine list.  3 bottles were consumed.  We had good service, although she got bombed and they could use help in the future.  But all this for about 450.00 without tip.  My kind of meal and we will return.  You won't regret this one.	1
Primo 135 is a tiny spot (maybe ten tables) that is easy to miss if you are walking quickly up 7th Avenue.  Once inside, it's clear that they have done an amazing job with a small space -- it is intimate and cozy. It's the kind of place that invites you to linger.   Primo 135 exceeded my expectations by a lot -- and all because of the magic of the food here. Notice the beautiful board of bread that begins the meal (and that eggplant spread is to die for!) and make sure you bring friends so you can sample much of the excellent pasta offerings.  Don't miss the black ink taglierini which is served with tomatoes and what the menu terms a "seafood ragu."  An abundant ragu it is -- calamari, mussels, clams, and shrimp!  This is now my favorite black ink pasta dish at any restaurant. The linguini with mussels is almost as good as the black ink pasta, and the orichetti served with excellent broccoli rabe, sweet tomatoes, and small pieces of sausage is just brilliant. My advice, then, is to come here and eat as many of these nearly perfect pasta dishes as possible. And save room for the tiramisu which is magically light and rich simultaneously, with big chunks of chocolate at the bottom of the wine glass it's served in. This is a new restaurant and there are certainly small missteps, but you won't care because the food is that good. Tonight the credit card machine was down, and customers were being sent out into frigid temperatures to score some cash.  The food was so good that no one seemed to mind (though clearly Primo needs a back up plan - I kept wanting to tell the owner to get a square for his iPhone!). It also seemed to me that food this good needs to be supported by a more experienced and more refined waitress. Ours seemed attentive only in about the first half an hour of our visit - after that, she virtually disappeared.  But I have full faith that Primo will iron out all the kinks, and I will certainly be back.	1
We went there for dinner on a Saturday night. The ambiance was great, service was good. As we were to last people to leave, we gotta chat with the owner and he was very attentive and he made sure that we enjoyed our dinner. I had the steak, it was very delicious, perfectly cooked. Two of my friends had the snipper and they liked it a lot. I don't remember the name of the dish but if I am not wrong the other friend ordered black tagliatelle with sea food and she enjoyed it very much. After our dinner we got to taste three different dessert; chocolate mousse, millefeuille,  and the tiramisu. My favorite was the tiramisu, though chocolate mousse got 2 out of 4 votes. Actually they were all really good! We have enjoyed our dinner there.  I highly recommend this place!	1
Tried this place on a cold Wednesday night. The ambiance was great. One of those hidden gems. The decor is beautiful- cozy yet sophisticated.  The music was at just the right level to where you could actually have a conversation and enjoy the company you are with! Food is great as well. I had the Lasagna and my friend had Black Tagliolini. I spoke to the owner and found out this is a family owned restaurant- which explains why the staff was so kind and attentive. I can't wait to go back and try the chicken parm.	1
The food was amazing!!!! I love how intimate and cozy it feels in there. Really great service and knowledgeable staff. I ordered the rib eye and it was cooked perfectly! Save room for desert because it is well worth it. I would definitely come here again!	1
From the moment I entered into the romantic, candle lit, chandeliered, luxurious dining room, to the rain on my head as I closed the door behind me and stepped out, satisfied and happy, this place was awesome! Love the ambiance, and the food was really really good. No complaints. Great wine, eggplant spread, bread, eggplant Parmesan app, filet mignon, and seafood pasta..everything was flavorful! The owner also gave us complementary amaaaazing tiramisu that I was literally imagining licking the dish clean. This was such a great night thanks to this perfect little gem! They also played nice romantic music - I think Coldplay pandora station...Will be back.	1
Cozy, warm restaurant. Attentive (but not TOO attentive) service - gave great recommendations on the food &amp; wine.  Food was wonderful and beautifully presented.  We had the Tuna Tartare and the Beef Carpaccio to start - both some of the best I've had. I had the Filet Mignon and my companion had the Vegetable Risotto.  My steak was cooked perfectly Med Rare and was on a bed of spinach and potatoes - both very flavorful and seasoned welll. My friend's Risotto was also delivious.  Dessert was a Venician take on Tiramisu. It was more of a layered custard than a cake - and after having it, I definitely prefer it. Light and not too sweet.  I really can't recommend the food enough. My only complaint is that I found the chairs a bit uncomfortable - too low and I couldn't put my feet underneath because of the way they're built.  Also, just as an FYI, they are only serving wine &amp; beer. No problem for me, as I am a wine lover.	1
Great food! Nice wine selection!	1
We went there for dinner on a Saturday night. The ambiance was great, service was good. As we were to last people to leave, we gotta chat with the owner and he was very attentive and he made sure that we enjoyed our dinner. I had the steak, it was very delicious, perfectly cooked. Two of my friends had the snipper and they liked it a lot. I don't remember the name of the dish but if I am not wrong the other friend ordered black tagliatelle with sea food and she enjoyed it very much. After our dinner we got to taste three different dessert; chocolate mousse, millefeuille,  and the tiramisu. My favorite was the tiramisu, though chocolate mousse got 2 out of 4 votes. Actually they were all really good! We have enjoyed our dinner there.  I highly recommend this place!	1
Primo 135 is the italian spot to go in West Village! The place is very cute, the service and the owners are amazing, and the food is delicious!! The wine selection is also great and they always help you out picking the best wine choice for your food! We went to celebrate a birthday they sat us at the perfect table for a big party, and they where very attentive and surprised us with an amazing fun birthday dessert! I wouldn't know what to recommend I went twice and had different plates and loved them both ( pastas are amazing) , we are making primo 135 a regular spot for sure!	1
A great meal was had by all 6 of us. The sea bass special was phenomenal! Interesting salads, great wine selection. Intimate setting, great for a romantic date or cozy group meal. This restaurant is a jewel with expert wait staff and an amazing chef. They aim to please and you will not be disappointed. Keep this local restaurant going!	1
Had an impromptu business meeting and I went into the city. Saw the reviews on yelp and thought this was a great place to check out. When I walked in I was greeted with a warm hello. As you enter the room you find it beautifully decorated in old world charm and new style ambience. At the bar I was greeted by the bartender vinny. Very pleasant demeanor and very attentive to all my needs. I ordered the prosciutto and goat cheese salad which was to my taste buds a very delectable treat. The wine selection is extensive and coming straight from Italy. As I sat there and take in all of the details I was greeted by the actual owner Gregg. As previously stated in a prior yelp review he is "the real deal". The knowledge he has on his actual venue and his dedication to create an excellent dining experience is inspiring. At the end of our conversation he suggested I try the puff pastry made in house with fresh fruit and fresh cream. If you have A sweet tooth and desserts are definitely your thing please try this particular dessert. The fresh cream and the puff pastry crust gives your taste buds a welcome burst followed with the fresh fruit marmalade decorating the plate definitely made my night. Date night,anniversaries,impromptu meetings, walking through the city for a wonderful afternoon brunch please check out Primo 135 you will not regret it.	1
Primo is a delicious dinner spot.  My husband and I loved the red wine selection, the tuna tartar, beef carpaccio and dessert.  Service and ambience cannot be beaten.  I definitely recommend this place for dates or for dinner with friends. I will be back!	1
In the heart of the  West Village lies a quaint, sexy new restaurant known as Primo 135. There's outdoor seating which will soon have a patio built w heated lamps where one can dine on a fall night. Inside lies a room with white exposed brick walls, fireplace, with soft and fun music playing from Sting to the Gypsy Kings. The staff greets you warmly while serving you very efficiently. You're made to feel quite at home. The cuisine is Italian. The homemade Foccaccia bread was light  and flavorful.  served with olives and oil. As an appetizer, I had the Burrata with delicious balsamic vinegar dribbled over tomatoes. The cheese was very  flavorful and tender but not overly so.  For my entree, I had the Crusted Ahi Tuna with Sauteed Spinach and Mashed Potatoes.Everything was just seasoned just right. No one item took  over the other. The Spinach was fresh, with just the right amount of garlic and the whipped potatoes were outstanding! I had to ask the owner who was warm and kind what was in them. He said that every night the chef added something different; at times truffles. I topped off dinner w an nice latte. I look forward to their brunch that'll begin soon. I hear the french toast may be made with Foccacia bread.. Yum :)  Good times Primo 135.	1
Every part of my meal was fantastic.  A few of my favorite things: -atmosphere - very romantic, cozy, chic.  Great for a date or a late night group outing. -service - very nice, helpful, knowledgeable  -mimosa - made with fresh squeezed orange juice which makes all the difference in the world -focaccia bread that comes with meal - very good (some Italian places have very boring bread, and I can never understand this!)   -chicken parmigiana - perfectly cooked and breaded chicken with wonderful cheese on top (it is very large so I could share some with my boyfriend and he loved it too) -Pasta with cream sauce - I have eaten pasta with cream/alfredo sauces at quite a few Italian restaurants, and this is a very solid top runner. It's simple, not too complicated nor overbearing. Just the right amount of cream and thickness. I will definitely be coming back!	1
Walking in for the first time I was amazed at the cozy atmosphere. I was greeted by the owner and placed an order to go. The ambiance was excellent and coupled with the lighting makes it a great date spot or cozy place to sip a glass of wine. The food was prepared quickly and I was not disappointed ! The chicken Parmesan was outstanding. I will be strongly recommending this place to friends and family.	1
The staff is amazing A beautiful selection of wines desserts are great Great atmosphere A real boutique restaurant	1
Really great Italian food ! Amazing hospitality ! Very small but great place for a date night, one on one conversation, first date. Very good wine list. If you're close by, you're lucky. I would come to this place all the time ! I would say dress to impress.  If you love Italian food, this is the place to go, it doesn't get better. 10 stars !!!	1
This is one of the best Italian restaurants in the city.  Gerry at Primo 135 has created a menu that blends traditional, Italian comfort food with intriguing new takes.  I tried 3 wines, and they were all fantastic.  The staff is small but extremely friendly, hardworking, and helpful.  They really make you feel like family from the moment you walk in.  Atmosphere is perfect, great for a romantic dinner or a night cap (the bar stays open until 3:00 I think).  Definitely coming back often and bringing my friends.	1
Delicious dinner with lovely service in a stylish setting. Our table of 4 was very happy across the board, a great addition to the neighborhood!	1
Great new place. Cozy and elegant -- a rare mix -- great décor and music selection, attentive but not over-indulgent staff, excellent food. Definitely worth a try -- we're going back.	1
Only had wine at the bar, but the owner is legit and the menu looks amazing!! Can't wait to try the brunch!!	1
Masseria Dei Vini does all things wonderful that start with a "p".  Like pasta, pizza, and perfect dinner date with my fiancé.  Okay, so that last one is a stretch but it doesn't make it any less true.  On my ongoing hunt of homemade pastas I found myself at the doors of Masseria Dei Vini.  A largely spaced restaurant with a bar on one side and a wall of wine on the other.  The restaurant was dimly lit and bustling with activity on a Saturday night.   In keeping with all things that start with "p", we started dinner with 2 "pre-entrees" (also called appetizers).  We tried the Terra Mare, grilled baby octopus and cuttlefish.  It was one of the most tender and well cooked cephalopods I've had in a long time.  Soft with tons of moisture and not overpowered by salt or other seasonings, just the octopus' and cuttlefish's briny flavor with a dash of lemon juice.   We also ordered their Carpaccio Di Manzo, a well plated appetizer of thinly sliced raw beef, slices of parmesan cheese on top with arugula and hearts of palm. The arugula and hearts of palm were fresh.  The raw beef was so thin it almost felt like the meat would melt in your mouth.   Somewhat like a salad, it's an excellent alternative if you're looking to try something different.   Next we dined on the Calabrese Pizza.  Made with tomato sauce, mozzarella and sweet Italian sausage and a spicy Calabrian spread sausage called N'Duia.  It was a new experience for me since I had never tried N'Duia before.  It's an interesting sausage since you can literally take a knife and spread it on bread, almost like you would with any paste like substance.  The sausage has this aromatic, feel good on your tongue spicy flavor and not the make your eyes water and cry like you haven't since you were a child spicy.   The pastas were just superb.  From the texture of the pastas to the flavors of the sauce, I was truly blown away by their caliber food.  Lets start with the Pappardelle Alla Bolognese, your standards and very common pasta known by most people who eat pasta regularly.  Well, odds are you haven't tried anything similar to this version of Pappardelle.  The wide fettuccine pasta is homemade, so that alone is a huge score for me.  The width of the pasta was not as wide as other Pappardelles I've tried before.  It was much narrower but made paper thin.  That paper thinness made the pasta a lite and flavorful bite with every forkful.  The pasta itself had a wonderful eggy flavor.  Other places tend to make the Pappardelle wide, huge and thick with a doughy flavor.  The meat sauce was well blended into the pasta folds and not dolloped onto the top of the plate.   I originally ordered the Spaghetti Al Nero Con Vongole, but my fiance saw my dish, tasted my dish and ultimately swapped my dish for her own.  Before I parted ways with the homemade squid ink spaghetti, I was able to get several delicious bites in.  The garlic and white wine sauce consisted of a buttery flavor that added a great aroma and a balance to the lightly salty squid ink spaghetti.  The clams were fresh and held onto a great amount of their briny moisture which coated the pasta.  I will definitely return someday and hopefully get a full plate to myself. I don't recall the last time I pecked at such phenomenally platted provisions of food.  Overall, I had a perfectly planned place to pig out on some pleasantly presented pizza and pastas.	1
Went after Alessandro invited me to stop by. Being in the industry I know at times people that recognize me will give extra attention even though i don't pursue it. Management and staff made me feel very welcomed. They did everything right in a very professional manner. As for the food, the shrimp ravioli was exquisite and the prawns what you should expect. Delicious. The wine list is based on great Italian selections. The ambiance was great with extremely positive vibes. A must go and you will definitely see me back.	1
I loved everything about this spot - overall it is a charming, authentic Italian restaurant and a great addition to its neighborhood! Eat - For appetizers, I had the I Cucuzielli Fritti (crispy fried zucchini), basically shoestring zucchini fries, which were deliciously salty and satisfying. I also had the Insalata Di Carciofi (artichoke salad, with avocado, pistachios &amp; parmesan cheese), which was not your typical dinner salad - the avocado was the base, giving this dish a creamy, but light texture. All of the ingredients combined superbly well into a great starter salad (without any salad!). For dinner, I ordered the Pappardelle Alla Bolognese (fettuccine pasta with meat sauce). It was a well done, traditional and very filling Italian dish - the pasta was a perfect al dente and I would expect no less from this place.  Sip - I sat at the bar and was contemplating the drink menu when I saw the bartender make a "homemade" dirty martini by muddling olives and using the muddled olives as the olive juice - on a whim, I tried one and you could definitely taste the difference. I would recommend ordering this drink. Enjoy - This place is the complete package - great food, great waiters/fantastic service in a modern looking, yet classic Italian restaurant.	1
If you do not try this restaurant, you are truly missing out, and not in a good way. The atmosphere will have you feel like you have been transported to Venice (trust me? I was in Venice this summer.) The service is absolutely spot on, five star dining. Knowledgeable, caring, and friendly staff make this place stand out. The food is off the charts wonderful. Both of our entrees were outstanding. My gnocchi portion was borderline insane huge. The rich fontina cheese sauce was artfully paired with radicchio for a slightly bitter balance. Spot on! The breadbasket served with olive oil and lentils was amazing. A very welcome change from the awful store bought rolls most serve. This is a true breadbasket with focaccia, breadsticks, crusty Italian bread, and whole wheat as well. Truly old school Italian! My recommendation is to not miss out on this place! The price is not cheap, but you pay for what you get. The price you pay is well worth what you get!	1
First time here, and we really enjoyed our dinner!  Meat &amp; cheese plate was great.  For dinner my boyfriend had the Duck breast which was very tender and flavorful. I had the Margherita pizza which was good!!  Bottle of Montepulciano was $38, pretty reasonably priced.  Dessert- Warm Apple Tart w Raspberry Sauce &amp; Vanilla Ice Cream: the Mint leaf on top adds the perfect flavor. YUM!  Calm ambiance. Great service.  Not too loud or busy, decent crowd.  Would come again!	1
This is a great place for a reasonably priced Italian dinner.  Their pastas are homemade and you can really taste the difference.  They were also really great about substituting noodles for my friend who wanted spaghetti, but not spaghetti noodles (don't ask).   The pre-dinner bread basket was great.  There were three or four different types.  I would have preferred them warm, but they were all still good.  I found it strange that they were served with a thousand-island like dressing.  I wasn't a big fan, but they brought olive oil and balsamic vinegar upon my request. The tiramisu was pretty good, and big enough for two people to share.  There are a couple of other desserts on the menu that struck my eye, but I'm a sucker for tiramisu at restaurants.  The ambience is nice.  I especially loved the wall of wine.  Beautiful.  The servers were attentive and pleasant.  This will likely become my regular pre-opera spot.	1
We started with shared appetizers: meatballs and pear salad. (The kitchen plated to share. Thank you! )Giant meatballs were excellent. Salad was good.  Our waiter, Vincenzo was professional and attentive.    My prawns were huge and delicious. I wish the kitchen would fully remove the shells however. My friends orrichete was perfectly cooked. Prices were what I expected.  I love white table cloths and the ambience.    I will def. be back. Btw. This is the sister resto to la Masseria on 48th: my fave pre theater resto.	1
We had tickets to the Metropolitan Opera and decided to arrived a couple of hours before the show to find dinner near Lincoln Center.  Using yelp we stumbled upon this great Italian place.  We were able to find a table for 2 without out a reservation (recommended).  The service was excellent and very attentive.  We shared a cured meat and cheese appetizer, 2 entrees, and 2 glasses of wine and the bill was $80.00...There were many off menu options...This place has 5 star service and a menu that has both expensive and reasonably priced options....This was the perfect find for a great meal before the Opera	1
The bread basket was not good at all. I had the spaghetti al Nero vongole and it was good. My boyfriend had the truffle oil risotto and we felt that it was undercooked but the server said it is supposed to be crunchy. It was an okay experience, decor and service and all, but the food wasn't as satisfying as we hoped.	1
Just left Masseria Dei Vini, it was a lovely experience. Armand was our waiter, he was knowledgeable about wine, kind, friendly, exuberant (!) and happy to give his opinion about the food. They have a wine dispenser called (?) an Emotion Dispenser (loved that!) which allows them to sell glasses or small pours from high end bottles. The food was good, not amazing but solid and well done. The octopus salad special was very good, with artichokes, avocado, red peppers and cucumbers...an interesting combination that really worked. I would definitely come back.	1
Had a great meal at this new Italian spot.  The service was awesome.   To start with, the bread basket has a great assortment of breads and breadsticks. I'm a sucker for great breadsticks.  We had a mozzarella and tomato appetizer which was creamy and delicious.  I had the risotto of the day, a salmon risotto, and it was excellent.  Excellent is actually not adequate enough.. it was so good that I was in heaven every single bite.   The deserts... Omg!  The ricotta cheesecake was awesome and the specialty cake was also delicious.  I plan on going back soon! A gem in the neighborhood.	1
My boyfriend took me here to celebrate my 25th birthday and everything was excellent from the service to the food and the overall environment  was wonderful. What got me most is the service and how everything was freshly made. We will definitely be returning	1
Food is excellent. Servers are so friendly. The bolognese is to die for!! Even though it seems to be new, they know how to run a restaurant! The server was cracking jokes with us all meal and made sure that we could make it to out show on time. He recommended dishes for us and was overall fantastic	1
Loved this place!  Perfect date spot!  Our waiter was wonderful! Food was amazing.  We had baked calamari for an app....it was good.  The AGNOLOTTI PIEMONTESI was to die for - Homemade Half Moon shaped Ravioli stuffed with Veal, in a Mix Wild Mushrooms Sauce.  They let us make a modification on the PAPPARDELLE ALLA BOLOGNESE - Wide Fettuccine Pasta with Homemade Meat Sauce - we substituted spaghetti noodles - it was awesome! The Sangoviese was a great wine accompaniment.   We would absolutely eat here again and recommend to friends and family.  A great spot off the beaten path.	1
Food is uneven: pastas are generally the best.  Service, however is amazing: impeccable, thoughtful, delightful.  Casual, but highly skilled.  Very hard to find this level of service at any level of restaurant these days.  They should be applauded for that.  Now if they simplified their menu a little to avoid misfires here and there, I'd really treasure this place.	1
In the city full of restaurants and bars....it is attention to small details that make you a FIVE star.  You can expect FANTASTIC service and really prefessional staff @ Masseria!   Three of us had dinner here last night and i LOVED every single minute.  Food was superb and the wine list was really reasonably priced.  I am going to be a regular here for sure.	1
Looking for the best Italian in NYC? Look no further.  Service: stellar Food: beyond amazing...best mozarella we have ever tasted. DO. NOT. MISS. New to the neighborhood, really glad it's here!	1
Food = amazing, wine selection = awesome, service = incredible. We loved this place, another great part about it was how reasonably priced everything was for being in NYC.	1
This is by far the best italian restaurant I have ever been to! I'm very picky when it comes to service and they definitely impressed me. The food is important but I think the service is more important. The staff here are wonderful people and they made my friend's birthday dinner very special!  Food is worth the money and they have a great selection of wine. Mostly product of Italy and the staff are very knowledgeable about their wine list. :)	1
Food was excellent. Service was fantastic and very friendly  and overall this was a great experience. Next time we will ask not to be seated in high traffic area and it will be perfect. Definitely worth a try if you are looking for some classic Italian near Columbus Circle.	1
It was late, and after a show at the Lincoln Center but the nice young lady still took my reservation for 10:30pm for 4.  We were cordially greeted when we arrived and promptly seated.  The decor is lovely and airy and it felt good to be in this environment.  I would argue that they could put some classical music in the background but that's only because I'm a sucker for it.  Otherwise, the songs were relatable and my friends and I sang to a few of them lol! The service was great, not too overbearing but watchful enough. One thing that impressed me that I have seldom seen in restaurants here in the US is the non-removal of dishes until THE WHOLE TABLE IS DONE EATING! For that I applaud them and it showed proper dining etiquette. The food......WOW.  I had the Spaghetti al Nero con Vongole - squid ink spaghetti.....oh ohhhhhh I'm still salivating thinking about it.  The pasta was al dente ( as it should always be), the wine sauce succulent and my seafood FRESH...without grit.....ohhhh ohhhh every bite was superb, quite a feast when you are a foodie and even better if you are not :) Bottom line-GO, RUN,FLY to that place...I will definitely go back again.  For the first time in a long time I found a true Italian restaurant without pretense, they actually know not to put cheese on all their dishes, specially those with seafood....BRAVO!	1
Brought a friend here for his bday &amp; it was wonderful. We ordered the salmon, duck, and the eggplant. The eggplant was the best I ever had &amp; the duck was delicious. It is fairly priced &amp; feels like u took a quick flight out of NYC. Will definitely come again.	1
Had lunch there on a Sunday.  Food was really good and service was excellent.  Not too crowded either, we were able to walk in and get a table for five with no wait.  Try the short rib pasta and the gnocchi.  They were both excellent!  Also fairly reasonable prices, especially for the area.  A good option to get food before a show at Lincoln Center.	1
I dined here yesterday night with my girlfriend and a couple of friends upon recommendation of a dear friend of mine that works at La Masseria in Times Square. The restaurant is nice, modern and well managed. With a reservation for 6:00 pm, we were seated right away, and served a delicious focaccia with bits of Parmigiano Reggiano and salame to taste while looking at the menu. I must say that the olive oil they serve is top quality. I have rarely experienced such good quality in Italian restaurants in New York. Got the Torcicoda Primitivo del Salento, one of my favorite red wines because of its thick body, and started with the burrata over arugula salad and an octopus carpaccio, tasty and gentle at the same time. I shared two entrees with my friend, the risotto with scallops and asparagus and a grilled swordfish sided with potato puree and sauteed spinach, both exquisite. I have also tried a bite my girlfriend's (incredible) fresh fettuccine with eggplants, mozzarella and fresh tomato sauce. Ended dinner with a (real) espresso and amaro Lucano. Prices are fairly appropriate given the high quality of the food and the impeccable service. Our waiter, Reed I guess, was with us all the time and accommodated all our requests. Great restaurant, great meal in a great ambiance. Strongly recommend this place, it's a 5 minutes walk from the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, which makes it the perfect candidate for a meal before the opera or other exhibitions.  I have tried many Italian restaurants in New York, being Italian native, and this goes in my top 5 list without doubts.	1
From the call to make the reservation through paying the check, this was an awesome meal and an overall great dining experience!   The staff are utmost professionals, attentive and very nice.  And the food, oh mama mia, the food!!!  We had a variety of apps and entrees which we all thoroughly enjoyed including Chef's signature dish Veal Milanese and did not disappoint.   The prices are decent for this area and the portions are satisfying.  Our party of four promised to go back even though three of us live outside of NY and are food snobs.  It is miraculous to ever get consensus among us about food but this place did it.   They knocked it out of the park!  Thanks to our awesome waiter Isaac and MDV!	1
The atmosphere in this restaurant is absolutely amazing. The food was delicious. I had chicken and broccoli the chicken came in a mushroom sauce it was so soft and tender my mouth salivated. Definitely recommend this place if you want to take someone out for a quiet dinner. They have a wine glass casing against the wall that is like no other its a must see.	1
A nice addition to the Columbus Circle area.  To note, I wouldn't classify this as $$, rather $$$ is more accurate.  My friend &amp; I share everything - burrata was delicious, veal ravioli is very good but SALTY, and we had a branzino special which was pricy.  All in all, I will definitely return but will be ready for the spend.	1
Loved our first meal Masseria Dei Vini! Excellent food and service. We had a reservation for 9:15, and got there a little early. They were quick to seat us, and the service was excellent throughout - the server was very knowledgeable and made excellent recommendations for all of us. From the wine to dessert, everything was enjoyable. We had the ravioli, risotto, seafood spaghetti and soup. Would highly recommend and can't wait to come back!	1
Great experience.  Waiter was attentive and never missed a beat on progressing the meal.    I cannot stress the value of the service enough--having a wait staff that knows how to monitor progress and flow of a meal makes for a memorable experience.  Food was delicious and the setting was great.	1
Live around the corner and have been waiting for the restaurant to open. In its first week things are running as smoothly as a spot that has been around for years. Plenty of staff tending tables keeps your wine and water glasses full (our waiter Tomasso was amazing). The menu is quite extensive and there were several specials. Wine was reasonable and plenty to choose from.  For our first time we shared the frito misto which was calamari, legit jumbo shrimp (not the mini shrimp you usually get) and scallops. The portion was large and it was delicious. For entrees we shared a pizza and the special oxtail ragu with jumbo rigatoni. Both were great and we even had some to take home. We were sad we were too full to try one of their amazing sounding desserts. Can't want until next time	1
The best Italian food I've ever had. I am from NJ but currently live in Southern California where authentic good Italian food doesn't exist. I was in NYC for toy fair when my coworker and I chose to eat here 2 out of our 5 nights in town. I couldn't get enough of their meatballs!! We ended up getting a big group together and everyone was so impressed. I can't recommend this restaurant enough. Great food, great wine, great service!	1
Living in Chicago, I've gotten spoiled by amazing food, so it's hard - even in New York - to impress me. Masseria Dei Vini far surpassed my expectations at every turn. I was there with a large group and they were unable to fit two of us at the table, so we ended up at the bar, which turned out to be fantastic. Spacious for dining and not just drinking, comfortable bar chairs, and stellar service. When I dropped my spoon, the server apologized. He apologized for something I did! We ordered three courses plus a bottle of wine and every bite was delicious. A variety of freshly baked breads and breadsticks with just the right seasonings. Out of this world artichoke salad. Eggplant balls (because you can't not order something called eggplant balls) that had just a hint of smokiness and nicely balanced the citrus flavor of the artichoke salad. Homemade pasta, perfect portion sizes, an excellent array of desserts. And the wine. OMG the wine. It was pricey but so delicious, and made me reconsider my usual $3 Trader Joe's picks. Good wine is totally worth it.  Cannot. Wait. To. Return.	1
So good!!! Every course was delicious, tasting very fresh and homemade. Wines were great, too. Staff was very attentive and pleasant. They've only been open about 3 weeks, and the place was packed! It is much more an Italian restaurant than just a wine bar, and we loved everything about it! Reasonably priced, as well. A new Italian favorite for sure!	1
Service was one of the best I've had in the city. Food was very good. One member ordered the duck rare. Came out med -well. The waiter had the kitchen make a new order without delay. Close to Lincoln Center.	1
We were able to make a reservation only a few hours earlier and arrived early. We sat at the bar and had a couple of cocktails, the bartender was very friendly and knowledgable. Once we were at our table, the waitstaff was incredibly friendly, prompt and paid a lot of attention without making you feel as though they were rushing you out. The food is solid - we had the meatballs and stuffed artichoke hearts for appetizers. The meatballs were great, the stuffed artichokes were OK. For dinner we had the spaghetti bongole and ravioli, both were solid. We'll definitely go back.	1
What a menu!  Wonderful creations plus tons of a daily specials.  The food is delicious and the presentation is extremely nice!  I had the warm mozzarella and prosciutto appetizer and the dover sole for my entree.  The dover sole was incredible, perfect fileting after they showed me the whole cooked fish.  Get the sauce on the side because you do not need all of it.  The wait staff is professional, kind and personable.  Excited that this place just opened around the corner from my apartment.  Will be back soon with my boyfriend!  He'll love it!	1
This is my favorite bar.Open all year long. 2 flours. nice drinks and awesome place to watching Beautiful view!!!	1
Wonderful meal and impeccable service!  You would never know they had not been open very long.  Accommodated my motley family crew and their various dining needs.  90 year old grandma and 11 year old foodie devoured the shrimp and artichoke ravioli.  They kept my wine glass full! Haven't been this attended to in a long time!	1
Absolutely loved it. Great food, very classy yet affordable, and most importantly EXCELLENT and charming service :)	1
Was looking for a restaurant near Lincoln Center for a Saturday night. Found this place on Yelp.  The space has a clean elegance and warmth. Had 6:15 reservations for 2 but arrived at 6:00 and was offered a table (even though my guest had not yet arrived). The table was exactly as I'd requested when I made the online reservation.  The service was attentive and efficient without being intrusive. I felt welcomed from the moment I entered the door.  There's an extensive wine menu. Our meal delicious. We had the sole special topped with a jumbo (no lie) shrimp and the seafood ravioli. Dessert was a chocolate almond cake and ice cream.  All in all a wonderful dining experience. We'll be back.	1
Fantastic food.Great bartender Andrea.knowledgeable waiter Reid . Makes you feel like your family in a big city	1
New place in the neighborhood with great menu, excellent service, upscale ambience and tasty food that makes you want to go back again.. we tried their veg radicchio  pizza and ravioli... i have never had a more flavourful and light ravioli dish.. it simply melted in my mouth..	1
p-h-e-n-o-m-a-n-a-l	1
We live around the corner and have been walking by this place every day waiting for it to open and we are so glad it finally did! We had our fingers crossed for an amazing italian place and that's exactly what this place is. We are so excited to make this place our go to date night spot and try all the dishes on the menu.	1
Wonderful Italian Dinner! We were there for New Year's Eve, and the food was spectacular! The atmosphere is clean and modern, and the wines are indeed very good. I loved the cheesecake dessert and the lemon cake. We had fried fish that was delicious, and traditional italian starters.	1
Last night I broke my rule of not trying out a new restaurant on my birthday (always fearing disappointment), and was I glad I did. This place is simply wonderful. At first glance, the appetizers looked pricey, but they proved to be worth every penny. My beef carpaccio was perfection -- sliced paper thin and laced with parmesan. My husband's crab appetizer, a special, was superb, and my daughter had nothing but praise for her romaine/ gorgonzola salad. The pasta and pizzas that followed were terrific as well. The quality, inventiveness, and freshness of the food never wavered. Our server (Reed) was knowledgeable and utterly delightful, but never hovered. What I especially liked about this place was that while the food was some of the best I have eaten in New York, there was not a shred of pretentiousness . We had friendly exchanges with our server, the manager, and the busboy (including shared photos of the king crab in the kitchen!). In short, we had an evening of fine food AND fun. When I read the 5 star reviews on Yelp, I was suspicious that they were plants. They weren't, and now I only hope that this place can maintain this state of bliss. OVERALL	1
My wife and I had dinner there last Saturday night. I was told by the concierge at the Marriott Marquis that the restaurant had only been open for a week but was another restaurant from the better known La Masseria. From the time we walked through the door the evening was special. First, the decor is clean and modern, which we both like. We were able to get a table at the front of the restaurant which was set off by itself (unlike many restaurants where you sit elbow to elbow with strangers).  The staff was outstanding. From the greeting at the entrance through the entire service. Tomasso and his team, and there was a team, was there when necessary, but otherwise, allowed my wife and I to enjoy the evening. Unable to select a moderately priced wine, I asked Tomasso for his recommendation. Ultimately, we ended up with a nice Sangiovese that was on the 2014 Wine Spectator top 100....what a choice at $38! OK, lets get to the food. The starters of the home made mozzarella and tomato, and my carpaccio were good, The entree's were, in our opinion, outstanding. My wife enjoyed the risotto of the night which was shrimp and saffron. My ravioli of veal with a mushroom sauce was tasty, leaving me wanting more.  The evening ended with a great desert, cappuccino and limoncello on the house which really was a nice end to an enjoyable visit to NY.	1
It's been a while since I found a place with spectacular service and food. I've seen this place in construction since my boyfriend lives a block away and we've both been curious to see what restaurant will pop up. Thank goodness it's this one! We ordered the buffalo mozzarella, spaghetti, chicken in red wine and shallot sauce, and the apple crostini. Each item was fantastic! The staff were all very attentive, and I recall my boyfriend making a comment that he was trying to finish his glass of water but couldn't because they would refill it before it was even half full. Also, I am on a search for the best spaghetti in New York and this place would definitely make the top 3 (to note, I've also had Scarpetta's and I personally think this place beats theirs). It was perfectly al dente and the fresh tomato and basil sauce was to die for. So when we were finishing up the meal, we heard a guy from the table next to us complain about the music saying that he can only hear the beats and not the melody. When the waiter apologized, the guy said "this would be considered torture in some countries." I guess even with perfect food and service you're going to get whiners, which is probably why this place fell from five stars to four and a half. I hope this review helps get it back up to five!	1
This was a delightful experience from the time we came in until we left. Food was impeccable, prepared and fresh tasting. Try the crab salad appetizer.	1
Tasty food. Excellent service - servers will ask and deliver food and drinks even though you may not be in their "area".  Ordered veal Milanese - excellent. Not greasy. Crunchy. For a spicy palette you may want to speak to the manager to make sure you get what you want. Like dry hot peppers from Italy, etc. will come again.	1
The neighborhood needed a fabulous Italian restaurant and now we have one.  We started the meal off with Prosecco and the grilled octopus and salmon carpaccio.  They also gave us complimentary fried zucchini as well as bruschetta and a bread basket.  Everything was amazing.  For the entree, we had the salmon and the pork chop with a cheese sauce.  They were perfect.  Finally, we shared the tiramisu and had black sambuca.  Delicious! The staff is friendly and the decor is beautiful.  We will definitely be back often.	1
I must say I was impressed by this new flame in Hell's Kitchen. I arrived at prime dinner time on a weeknight. The place was almost full to capacity but we were able to get a table in a few minutes. The interior is a bit stark and not terribly inviting, with white walls and a few greyscale photographs or paintings up, but has a classy feel. The waitstaff was warm and gregarious with thick Italian accents and helpful recommendations while when we puzzled over what to order- everything on the menu  looked delicious. We chose the clam and shrimp appetizer to share which was intensely and surprisingly flavorful. I really enjoyed it. For my main dish I had the gnocchi, soft chewy pillows of goodness with a rich creamy cheese sauce. The portion size was abundant, I even took some home with me and had it for lunch the next day. The apple tart with ice cream was just perfect. The prices were just so reasonable, and I hope they stay that way. I intend to come back here and would highly recommend it as a friend or date spot that has excellent fare in a contemporary setting that shrugs off any stiffness or pretension.	1
Take me to church,,,.I think Hozier was inspired to write his tune from this restaurant, not a woman. If the heavens ever did speak, this restaurant would be the last true mouthpiece. So my girlfriend was looking for comfort food, and we found that and more at this tiny cozy gem! She has been living in the UES for years, and this oasis was only a few blocks from her apartment, and yet she had never tried the place. We got there at around 7:30, put our name down for one of the maybe 25 seats. No place to wait, but wait we did. We smelled  the food when we walked in, and committed to waiting. So we went to a bar around the corner and had a drink. About 40 minutes later we found out two seats opened up. The place is inviting and oozing with charm.  We found ourselves at the bar seating, The wine selection was decent and we arrived on a nice red for $32 a bottle... Not bad. They had some decent sounding specials. We settled on the advise of the friendly waitress and got one of the restaurant's staples, the Mac and cheese. We added bacon after seeing the diners next to us, and porcini mushrooms with truffle oil. The Mac was out of this world delicious, and the bacon was cooked to perfection. Ohh and the mushrooms,,,, my God did they add something incredible to the dish... We also had one of the specials, braised short ribs. Let me start off by saying these were far and away the most magnificent short ribs I have ever had the pleasure of consuming. They were slow cooked to a fall off the bone satisfaction that left you immediately making plans to return while the special was on the menu. The fat melted slowly on your tongue and was surrounded by a savory gravy. I don't know where this chef comes from, or where they procure the meat at this tiny establishment, but I am in love. The Mac actually worked as a great base for mixed short rib bites. Each taste better than the last. Half way through we ordered the soufflé.  As the kind waitress brought the soufflé to our seats, she softly wispered, "next time get the date pudding, it's better than the soufflé and like nothing I have ever tasted"!!   What, something better than this light, warm, smile generating dark chocolate...   Oh yeah,,, we are coming back!!!!!  It was simply beyond...	1
We have been craving good bread pudding and theirs has great reviews. I called to make a reservation and was told I would be put on a wait list. We got there around 7:45 p.m. on a Saturday, and I hadn't realized just how minuscule this place would be. It's a tiny room with one side taken up by a lovely wooden bar, and the other by a few two-top bar tables; and the back of the room is the little kitchen, which is separated from the seating area by a Japanese-style sliding screen. The lighting is cozy and dim with votives perched on the window frames of the front window and a few creative hanging lamps throughout. The music was mostly Gypsy jazz, and the overall feel of this restaurant is Bohemian enclave. We got seated at the bar, which is actually the best option as the bartender is also the waiter for the entire restaurant. They have a nice section of craft beer, and so we ordered  an Allagash white and an Einstok porter, both delish (my husband also had a Lion stout later that was unique and STRONG). We started with the garlicky olives, which were okay not great. I had broccoli soup that was light and included scallops and the bruschetta which was chewy and had capers and fresh cherry tomatoes and lots of melted cheese. My husband enjoyed his open-face lamb burger thoroughly. The highlight and denouement of the meal was the date bread pudding. It was hot and very moist with a delicious liquor-infused sauce (maybe cognac?) and fresh whipped cream to cool off each mouthful. Heidi's House was a great dining experience and the service was very good considering there was just one server for 20 people. Highly recommend.	1
So a friend of mine lives in the area and she wanted to try this place out since she heard a lot of goods things. We really enjoyed our meal and it really does feel like dining in someone's house, presumably Heidi. The place is super cozy, intimate but kinda tight. I thought the table handkerchiefs and the bathroom towels really added a homey touch. The place, though small, seemed to run very smoothly and never felt chaotic at any point. There seemed to be a husband and wife team that ran the front of the house, not sure if the lady was Heidi but she was super nice, I really felt like she was taking care of guess at her home as opposed to guess at a restaurant. PS, I really did wish I had room for dessert, the fig pudding and chocolate souffle looked the <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbomb.com&amp;s=bb4f996415a9c2f21137e27cfb68f439a48cec2652b53e9b50dd7e766dbe177e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bomb.com</a>. The food: Tuna Tartar- served with rice chips, avocado puree and wedges of grapefruit. The tartar itself had a nice flavor. I never heard of rice chips but they offered a wonderful crunch. The ratio of dip to chip was actually a good ratio, I hate when I have extra chips. lol The grapefruit, which I don't normally like, worked well with the dish. It offered a nice citrus flavor and they weren't as strong as i remember grapefruit being. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA&amp;select=y-H170Q1TtM9h6yeLJprgg">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a> Macaroni &amp; Cheese with bacon- The mac is wonderful, but it does get really greasy and heavy the more you eat it. The pasta they used was Fusilli which was a nice choice since it picks up the sauce well but the pasta was over cooked, it was too soft for me. I am still a little confused with using other pasta for macaroni and cheese, can it still be technically called Mac and cheese at that point? lol And they give a ton of wonderful bacon. Bacon=yum yum. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA&amp;select=7xt9I7JCn9lBVMeFAKg5uw">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a> Seared Pork Chop- mashed potatoes, braised okra and roasted pineapple relish. The pork chop had really nice flavor, but it was a double cut and towards the outside it was a tad tough but it got better then the more toward the center we got. The okra was cooked down and had a nice counter balance to the chop and the pineapple was a nice element of sweetness since sweet and pork work really well. The mash was a miss for me since it didn't have any texture and it was cold when it hit the table. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA&amp;select=Dh4fijSKmc59HLs9fMFH_A">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>	1
Tiny place that can be a bit frustrating to eat at if you have more than 2 people, since there is only one table that seats 4.  Small menu, and the food is a little on the pricier side ($15 for dessert and $27ish for paella), but the quality is high and the ingredients are fresh. I highly recommend the date pudding and the gnocchi, which I don't usually order but really enjoyed here -- it's still starchy as gnocchi typically is, but the potato soaks in the ragu really well and doesn't seem overly rich or mushy.	1
Stopped here for a small bite and drinks. The place is tiny and very cozy. It's charming, but can get a little claustrophobic when it gets crowded and people are waiting. Definitely do not go with more than one person. I'm not even sure they have any tables bigger than that. We ordered drinks and a chorizo mac n' cheese to share. The mac n' cheeses are casserole style and take 15 minutes. It's worth the wait. The mac n' cheese is served in this casserole crock, piping hot and still bubbling. The dish was really really yummy. The pasta was al dente, the cheese was creamy but not too rich, and the crumbled chorizo added the perfect amount of seasoning. It's also quite filling. Service was efficient and friendly. Even though it was very busy, she works hard to do a good job and please her customers.	1
Oh Heidi House.. What a gem! This place is so cute and intimate. Perfect date spot. We came here on a Friday night and it was packed so we put our name down and went and got a drink around the corner. It was well worth the wait.. We got two seats at the bar and ordered the bruschetta appetizer with a nice bottle of cab. The bartender was very friendly and welcoming. She had some great food recommendations too. I originally was going to order the mac and cheese plain but she suggested that I order it with mushrooms and truffle oil.. I was not disappointed. It was fantastic.  The vibe in Heidi house is exactly what you look for on a cold fall night when all you want in the world is delicious comforting food and good company. Can't wait to come back.. Maybe a little more sober next time :)	1
Holy crap.  We went the other night for dinner, drinks, and dessert and I am still thinking about it today.  I had been wanting to check out Heidi's House for some time now.  We heard the place was very tiny and to call ahead, which we did.  We were able to put our name on a list, and THE Heidi called us about 10 minutes before a table was available.  We were seated at the bar immediately, and shared a glass of wine with Heidi.  She's the coolest b*tch ever, by the way.  She'd talk to you for hours about the food. And the wine....oooh the wine!  So many options, and all are amazing.   Now for the food...I went with the paella and the boy got the open faced lamb burger.  Just...wow.   For dessert, I have two words for you. Date. Pudding.  Order it half way through your meal...it takes 25 minutes to prepare, since they are preparing it JUST for YOU.  It came out hot and delicious and amazing.  I was feeling anxious about halfway through because I knew it would soon come to an end.  Anyway, we will return again and again!  Excellent.	1
My friends who live on the UES discovered this place a few years ago, and I love going. The place is TINY, so you have to go at an off time. They have one table of 4 that they allow "reservations" for, meaning you call them at 5 the day-of and see if you can get a slot. They don't always honor it. They have a great wine selection and the servers are very nice. Gnocchi - This is a special that they often have. The gnocchi is perfectly cooked and comes in a delicious broth with tomatoes. I love this dish. Date pudding dessert - I would have never picked this over the chocolate dessert, but my friend insisted because she had heard it was great. It's essentially a bread pudding made with dates, and it was delicious.  I highly recommend Heidi's House.	1
So I came back the week after I wrote a review of Heidi's House cuz I couldn't stop thinking about the food. I went with my friend visiting from Philly and he was amazed as well.  I wanted to try new entrees this time,, but it was hard not to get the gnocchi. I also was on the mission to have my friend explore the new world of gnocchi. So we got the gnocchi... again, melts in your mouth. My friends were definitely satisfied :)  Tried the lobster mac n cheese finally! But sadly I wasn't a huge fun of it as the other mac n cheese here. Because the lobster is not salty like the chorizo or bacon, overall the dish was bland. My fav Heidi's mac n cheese in order so far is: mushroom and truffle oil - bacon - chorizo - lobster. I need to get the remaining cauliflower one next time I come.  I gave a shot at the paella. 4stars for this one. It doesn't come out as "family portion" like most other places. What I really liked was it had less rice and abundant chunks of seafood.  Fish tacos were one of the specials that day. The mango salsa gave a good sweetness to the soft fish. If I have to compare, I do like the shrimp tacos more, but both are good!! Had to get the bread pudding again and have my friends explore a new world again haha My friend saw the people next to us get a 'molten lava cake-look like dessert' and was saying how he wanted that after we put in the bread pudding order. But he realized that cake was the bread pudding. We called around 5:30 to put our name down for 3people around 8pm. My 2 friends were really late but the owner? was so kind enough to have me sit at the bar for half an hr and wait for my friends, even though an infinite amount of customers kept on coming in. I felt so bad but they always have great polite service.	1
This place is a nice and quaint place to eat in the upper east. It's small and would highly recommend calling ahead if you are a party of 4, as they only have 1 or 2 tables that can accommodate.  The service was exceptional and the food was delicious. I got the hamburger with cheese and it was cooked very well. Every bite was very juicy and it was just enough food for dinner. The chocolate soufflés is one of the best I have had in the city. Would highly recommend getting it. As a tip, order it ahead of time as it takes about 15-20 minutes for them to make it. Overall, great place to go for dinner.	1
If I had my own restaurant, I'd model it after Heidi's House. Cute little place, menu changes from time to time. Delicious Mac and Cheese, friendly staff, and reasonably priced. Call ahead to reserve your seats because there aren't very many!	1
Heidi's House was by far the best place we ate during our entire trip to NY. My husband ordered the paella and I the mac and cheese with the intention of splitting.  Although I would have loved to keep them both for myself.   The location is mingled with brownstones in the upper east side and is of course small but quaint.  Doors open at 5:00 and seating was full shortly thereafter with a waiting list already started.   I almost wish we'd found this place sooner so we could go more than once.	1
This place already has hundreds of 5 star reviews. So, normally I wouldn't care to add my 2 cents. But I was so impressed with this place I just wanted to say.. GO! The place is very small so CALL AHEAD. This isn't the kind of place to go to when you're in a hurry. I called saying I would be there for 6. When we got there he said a table would be ready in 20 minutes. So we took a walk around the block and came back and had an amazing experience! (:	1
Date pudding for two topped of delicious meal.  My lamb burger and roasted vegtables was just right and service was friendly and timely even in this crowded tiny restaurant. My wife's paella was just nice size portion.  Only suggestion is have without pork option	1
Heidi's has been on my "list" for a couple years now. What's stopped me from going? I've heard there's a wait almost every night for dinner and when I'm hungry, I'm hangry so...to my surprise, my friend called ahead tonight and we were able to get a spot for two at 7:00. Upon arrival, it was already packed, which isn't surprising because this place is teeny tiny. There are a few high top tables but the rest of the seats were at the bar where we sat. Cozy is an understatement. I found myself bumping shoulders with the guy next to me but hey, doesn't bother me! We started with the bruschetta which was high above average. The bread was warm, toasted with melted cheese, tomatoes and capers which added a great taste! For our meals, we both got the burger which comes on an English muffin. I got the fries with it while my friend had roasted veggies. The burger was definitely good, but I've had better. I would love to come back to try the Mac and cheese and other things on the menu but I'm just happy I got to experience the hidden gem that is Heidi's!	1
One of our favorite places on the UES. Any place where you can get Mac n Cheese 4 different ways and Paella is damn good in my book.  It is a small place. Usually only one server/bartender. Be patient. It is worth it!	1
Based on the reviews we went at opening (5pm) to avoid a wait and we were the first customers. We ordered small plates (mac and cheese, crab dip) and enjoyed happy hour drinks. Everything was great. It is a tiny space but super cute with a good food and drink selection. There are also some fun board games you can take to your table to play.  I will definitely be back for happy hour and to try dinner!	1
Great little "hole in the wall" wine and beer only Limited food selections but awesome food. Mac n cheese with lobster was delicious Shrimp tacos were flavorful and scrumptious Tight quarters for 20 patrons with no waiting area when cold.(don't recommend for parties of 4 or greater)	1
*** Four stars for the food *** The food at Heidi's House was excellent.  We started off with the artichoke salad, which was heavily.  The artichokes were warm and meshed well with the flavors of arugula, capers, cheese.... MmmmMmmm!  Next, came the piping hot mac and cheese with mushrooms and truffle oil... so, so yummy!  And, lastly, we topped it off with the date pudding.  Wow, this dessert is really special and required eating when you visit the Heidi's House. Everything else was only 2 stars...  The service wasn't great - my water frequently remained empty too long.  And since the space is tiny, we had to wait almost 40 minutes even though we had called at 5 to put our name in (this is their alternative to reservations).  Also, the seating is mostly bar stools with no backs, so I feel like it's not super comfortable.	1
Total gem on the Upper East Side! It's a perfect date night spot, especially on chilly nights.  We took Yelpers' advice and called about 1.5 hours before we hoped to have dinner, and were offered 7 or 7:30.  We arrived at the specified time (I forget now which we chose) and were immediately sat at one of the 4 or so tables for 2.  They have quite a collection of board games stashed near the front door.  I ordered the pear cider, which is as tasty as has been previously described, but also a bit sweet for me since I ended up with dessert, too. Next time I would do one or the other but not both. The drinks aren't outrageously expensive. I think the cider and my date's beer were $6 and $7 each. I had the lobster mac and cheese, which was stupidly decadent.  My husband had the pasta of the day, which was gnooci with a veal ragou. The gnoochi melted in your mouth. It was pretty epic.  We sprung for the date pudding, which was worth it (the time for it to cook, the calories and the cost)--the middle was perfectly molten.  I think, with tip, our dinner (two entrees, two drinks and dessert) was around $90.  I think I'll be fairly regular here for drinks and an occassional dinner, especially in the fall and winter.	1
Just finished eating at Heidi's 30 minutes ago - nothing short of sensational! The food was incredible, the range of beer in particular was awesome (who'd have known that a boutique stout would go so well with Chorizo Mac and Cheese?!!), and the service was personalised and wonderful. What a lovely place to spend and evening!  I could not recommend it more highly.	1
If you want to get a seat during typical dining hours, make sure to call ahead earlier and put your name down.  I read that this place is small, but I didn't realize just how small until we got there!  Thankfully we were on the list ahead of time and were seated right away. The food was very good, from the bacon mac and cheese to the paella to the roasted vegetables.  I had the paella and was very pleased.  The portion was not as large as I would have expected for $26, but then I saw the big pieces of lobster meat and felt that the price was justified. There is only one table for parties larger than 2, so our party of 3 was seated at the bar.  I would not recommend going with a group larger than 3.  I am looking forward to going back!	1
It's a very small restaurant, so the wait can get pretty long. They don't take reservations, but they will take down your name on a list for that day. We got there early enough to be seated right away. Initially, I thought the hostess wasn't all too friendly, but she was more of the tough love type of woman--does her job, offers help, all without a smile on her face. Hamburger: Meat was perfectly cooked to a medium rare. Juicy and thick. Loved that they used english muffins for buns. Good proportions on the toppings. Fries were good too. Mac and cheese: also very good. Just the right amount of cheese--not too much, not too little. Baked to perfection. Definitely recommend coming here at least once for good comfort food, but not that memorable that I would be craving to go back.	1
My husband and I attempted to eat here 2 or 3 times, but it is quite small and walking in after 7pm is really not an option. We were always told there was a 2-3 hour wait and that they did not take reservations. Ultimately we discovered that although they do not take official reservations, they will allow you to call ahead same day (call right at 5pm) and place your name on a wait-list of sorts that gives you priority when getting to the restaurant.  We arrived at 6:30pm and there was open seating at the bar. We told Freddy (who seats and serves the entire restaurant) that our name was on 'the list' and he moved us to a real table as soon as one was available. Though sitting at the bar could've been fine, it was nice to have a table. We ordered olives and crab dip as starters; my husband had a craft IPA and I had a fun cream soda. Crab dip could've used a bit more...something. But overall it was tasty. My gnocchi was fantastic-- they do a new pasta of the day each day. Tomatoes, mushrooms and yummy homemade gnocchi. My husband liked his burger, but he wasn't raving. Chocolate soufflé was dessert was also good.  In the end, we will definitely be back, but I'm glad I never waited two hours for a table. Really need to try to lobster mac n cheese, I hear.	1
This place is is a little claustrophobic but the food is worth it.  Got the gnocchi with the lamb ragu and the fish tacos Several glasses of good pino Not huge on desserts but the date pudding was redonkulous $82 before tip  Would definitely go back.  5 stars if the seating and table set up were a little more comfortable. Almost tipped it over trying to sit down.	1
As good as it gets.	1
Though I am a bigger guy and seating was a little tight, the food and service was OUTSTANDING! I highly recommend this cozy place for dinner and drinks with a date, or a couple close friends. They didn't overdue the service which is always nice, but they were polite and attentive. I will definitely be returning.	1
What a hidden gem!!! The space is small-- just a few tables and a bar in a little, narrow space. But it's totally worth waiting for a table. They offer to take your number and they will call you and give you a 15 min warning that your table is about to free  up, which I think is so cool of them! But be warned- this place is best for parties of 2 or - max- 4. Larger than that and there is truly no way they can accommodate you.  Atmosphere is warm, inviting, and cozy. They had board games that you can pull out and play with if you so desire, which was such a cute touch and added to the casual and friendly vibe.  The menu is small and rotates often. They only serve beer and wine, but the selections were impressive for both and my friend and I had a spectacular Syrah. The boys had really good craft beers as well.  We ordered a bunch of food and ate family style. Food was EXCELLENT! We had hummus, tuna tartare, olives, and two of the cheeses. Cheese was kind of skimpy in portion size, so order at least 2 or 3. Came with some jam and almonds, but it was definitely "snack" size, which is how they label it to indicate that the portions aren't going to be too huge.  For mains, we tried the gnocchi, paella, assorted roasted veggies, lobster Mac &amp; Cheese and chorizo Mac &amp; Cheese. Portions again are small enough that for four of us, that actually was a good portion of food. The Mac &amp; Cheese was insanely delicious, with a perfect cheesy crust on the top. I tried the paella and it was also fantastic-- generous on the fish and meat with less rice, which is the sign of a great paella. The gnocchi was also fantastic-- they melted in your mouth. All the selections were ideal for a cold, Jan evening.  Highly recommend but make sure to call ahead and find out what the availability looks like, first!	1
Shrimp tacos were good. Really enjoyed the paella - shared the dish and it was plenty of food with the appetizer. Tried the date pudding for dessert - not a fan of dates or pudding, but really enjoyed the dish -- tasted like a warm sugary cake right out of the oven.	1
I just had a fantastic meal!!! Every thing we ate was the BOMB.COM. For starters we had the shrimp tacos they want to slap your mama good then we had the chorizo shrimp scallop lobster the paella so delicious the flavors were amazing then we had the bacon mac &amp; cheese nice and crispy bacon wonderful flavor the  meal was perfection As a grand finale the end of the meal with a delectable date putting so warm and gooey and sweet but not too sweet it was just right the perfect ending to a wonderful meal	1
Amazing every time. Try the Shrimp Tacos for appetizer, Lobster Mac or Paella for Entree, Date pudding for dessert and You will Thank me afterwards. You're Welcome. :)	1
Order the Date Pudding!! It was the best dessert I have had. We had a Cauliflower Mac and Cheese, Tomato Soup with Mozzarella croutons and the Date Pudding OMG!!! Definitely the best thing I have ever put in my mouth, steaming hot right out of the oven, made to order, with a molasses sauce and what can only be fresh whip cream unsweetened to compliment something so perfect. Uh! We died and went to heaven yesterday! The Mac and cheese was good not great. Tomato soup was really good light and fluffy not heavy and over burdened with cream. Wow! I would marry whoever made that Date pudding!	1
OUTSTANDING. Great food, great service.  Get the tuna tartar. I'm a local so this has become a favorite place of mine.  The only fault might be that it's a very small space (like most NYC spots) so it's best for two people, maybe 3 or 4 if you can get a table in the front.	1
Heidi's House is truly a gem on the Upper East Side. It seats under 30 people and it is warm and cozy.  Inside they have painted white brick walls. What is really good here is the date cake and the chocolate soufflé. I also had the mac and cheese with lobster, the artichoke salad, grilled vegetables, and paella. For drinks I had my favorite Crabbie's ginger beer. Come for the vibe. Come for the cozy atmosphere. Most definitely come for the dessert! A true gem in New York City!	1
I'm happy to find it.  Small and cozy.  Very good food.	1
Great romantic bar/ dinner date spot on the UES. You can't go wrong the burger or Mac 'N Cheese. And don't forget the bacon- it's exceptionally good bacon.	1
Heidi's house has a welcoming charm and warm atmosphere on the coldest nights in New York. The food is excellent and the wines are well chosen to compliment all the sumptuous dishes. Come here a stranger and go home a friend.	1
Overall Heidi's House is good. It can be a little hit and miss. It gets very crowded, but the ambiance is cute.  The people who work there love to make small talk, so either you LIKE that or you DON't like that style restaurant, it isn't a con or a pro it's just a style difference. You will almost always find atleast 1 person sitting alone - its just a friendly type of place.	1
Great little spot on the upper east side.  Was in the area today and wanted to get some really good comfort food.  I've scoped this restaurant once before but another restaurant ended up on my stop. The place is extreme small, I mean really only 4 two person high top tables and 1 four person table and then the bar.  No place to even wait really.  We called ahead with an hour wait and got there a bit early.   Once we got seated the menu is mainly drinks like wine and beer and then there is a page of appetizers and then a few entrées. We ordered a sangria to drink which was pretty good.  For dinner we had Mac and Cheese with bacon and gnocchi with duck ragu.  The wait to get the food was rather long but it's worth it.  The Mac and cheese was definitely gourmet and had a nice blend of cheeses.  The gnocchi were so delicious they melted in your mouth.  We did not have room for desert but we saw another table polish theirs off and lick the bowl. A good reason to come back, to get desert. My only complaint is the space is super small and on the way out we couldn't get out the restaurant without asking someone to move.  Also, the menu could use and update with some new dishes. It's still a very delicious place to eat!	1
This place is unbelievable.  They have a small menu, but everything on it is phenomenal.  Prices are very reasonable given the quality.  But it's a tough spot to get in to and they don't take reservations.  The best you can do is get put on the list and they'll call you when your spot is ready.  They have 4 or 5 tables and seating at the bar and the entire place is waited on by the bartender.	1
Call at 5 day of to be put on wait list, the place has 25 seats at most, but is well worth it!  Comfort food to the max! Came as a group of 4 for dinner.  Olives are ok, guac is delish just wish the portion size was bigger.  Lobster mac and cheese is delish, hamburger is moist with yummy cheese, tomato, onions, lettuce.  Vegetable side of brussel sprouts, broccoli, cauliflower, beets is god accompaniment.  Chocolate soufflé was good, but date pudding with rum caramel was the best!	1
A small hidden gem in the UES, I found Heidi's House after a trip to the Met. Seating was cozy and tight, and the lighting was dim for food photography but great for happy hours. Speaking of happy hour, they have a great selection of beer and the owner really knew her beer. "What's good here?" "Everything is good here." That is actually the only correct response for a restaurant. If there is something that's not good here, why serve it? I was considering a cider originally, but was convinced to get an Allagash white beer that did not disappoint. We ordered the mini guacamole to share, but they accidentally gave us a regular-sized order. Mildly spicy and addictive, we finished the entire plate (it would have been wasteful otherwise). For my main, I got a mini mac and cheese with bacon. Cheesy, creamy, salty, crispy, it was everything I would wanted my mac and cheese to be.  I left the place a few pounds heavier, heartier, and happier.	1
My girls loved the pretty cloth napkins, roses in the bathroom on the ceiling and the tea tree soap.	1
The food is outstanding. Lobster mac and cheese definitely is a stand out on the menu. Come here for a long night of relaxing and for a quiet atmosphere. Tables are hard to come by so call at 5 pm (when they open) to put your name on a list for the night. Don't be surprised if they're running late but it's definitely worth the wait!!!	1
heidi's house is a great neighborhood restaurant that can accommodate approximately 20 people.  for the best dining experience, i would come here with 1 other person and a wallet (seriously, bags - purses or shopping bags - would just become a tripping hazard or have to sit in your lap while you eat).  the exposed brick and colorful, patterned fabric napkins add charm to this restaurant. as a party of 2 without reservations, we were able to get seated right away because we arrived shortly after they opened (around 5pm).  they have 2 tables for 4, which are probably best obtained with a reservation. everything we ordered was delicious - shrimp tacos, mac &amp; cheese with chorizo, and the date pudding.   while i love the ambiance and supporting local businesses, i wouldn't come back often because my cholesterol would negate any benefits from eating organic and gluten-free and at $13 for dessert and $13 for a single-serve size of mac &amp; cheese pre-toppings (close to $20 with toppings), i'm reminded of where i can find my grocery store and kitchen. i do have to give props to our server who had responsibility for the entire restaurant and bar seating.  he was efficient, professional and never showed an ounce of frustration under stressful conditions.	1
One of my earliest experiences here was during Hurricane Sandy. As all of downtown lacked power, Heidi's House was a lovely oasis.  Tucked away on a quiet street, it went unnoticed by many downtowners seeking refuge. Heidi, herself, was there serving an abridged menu, but the mac and cheese, crab dip and hummus never tasted so good.  I've been back several times since and always feel cozy. I learned to play the board game, master mind, there. On occasion, I play battle ship.  My favorite items are the bruschetta, mac and cheese with chorizo, crab dip, and bread pudding. I always have the New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc which I affectionately refer to as the white in the bottle with the brain on it.	1
The food is mostly great. Really nice wine list.  Seating is not entirely comfortable and you sometimes feel like you're having dinner with your neighbours.  Staff is friendly and attentive but never overbearing. Give good recommendations on both food and drinks.  We keep coming back.	1
I travel internationally for a living and this tiny restaurant is one of my top two favorite restaurants in the world.   Incredible atmosphere - you feel like you have been transported to the Village in the 1950s when you are actually on the UES.   Wonderful service.   Best of all the food is exquisite.   Everything freshly made.   Everything perfectly seasoned.   Somehow they even make the Hummus taste different and better than anyone else.   It's crazy.   You simply must try the gnocchi - the best I've ever had and the chocolate souffle and date pudding are not to be missed.   Awesome wine and beer selection as well - very unique. I hesitated to post this review since I prefer no one else finds out about this place so I can keep it to myself!	1
Cool, small spot that is tucked away on a side street in the UES. Theres only one table for 4, maybe four tables for 2 and then a bar and thats it. Come early to get a spot or you'll prob be waiting awhile. The food is delicious and the ambiance is great, however don't come if you are in a rush as they take their time to do things right (which I appreciate).	1
Great food, great atmosphere, reasonable prices. Make sure to arrive early as there is always a waiting list.	1
I had a great experience small cozy. Food was very tasty simple and classy. I had the braised short ribs. Meat was melting in the mouth. Mac and cheese was served hot in a terra cotta pot. Crust was delicious pasta was not over cooked. Highly recommended	1
We loved everything about this restaurant experience. The food, service, decorum and music down to the quirky napkins all make this experience feel like you've walked into a 1920s bar. I would highly recommend the mac &amp; cheese with bacon.	1
5 stars for service however the food was not what I expected, except for the Paella and Date Pudding, I will definitely go back for those two! I ordered a bunch of stuff but what was a disappointment was the Burrata they had as a special. It was stacked with sliced tomatoes, arugula and red onions; thick enough to outshine the burrata, not worth the $18 for an appetizer. The place is cozy, welcoming but definitely don't go with more than one person, it's tiny! One of Heidi's best asset is service, they are all extremely nice and accommodating! There can be a wait list sometimes so tried calling in advance to put your name down.	1
HH does not take reservations, however, you can call at 5pm the same day you want to dine here and ask to have your name put on the wait list.  The roasted artichoke salad with truffle oil is AMAZING.  Save room for the stellar desserts!!!  It's small so dine solo or as a party of two. Burger, which comes with white cheddar on an English muffin plus fries or salad on the side is solid. The mixed veggies consist of broccoli/Brussels sprouts/cauliflower and is simple and clean.  It's a cozy gastropub.  Definitely try it if you're craving chocolate soufflé!	1
Stopped in to grab a quick beer. A new love was born, Swedish Pear Cider Beer. Their beer selection is quite diverse. Beer then lead to Mac and Cheese, also very tasty and served fresh with the cheese showing off its gooey-meltiness. Dark and intimate setting, but keep in mind its a narrow space, not really for groups. They're a little on the pricey side, and portions aren't hefty. These might be things you'd want to know. But definitely check it out if you're in the area.	1
This is my absolute favorite place on the UES.   A hidden gem for sure.  Heidi is super nice	1
Not very often do I venture to the Upper East Side for food or any reason really, it's almost the forgotten part of NYC for me, arguably it's where my NYC life started 20+ years ago and so I'd like to think I have moved on to bigger and better things? Ha. Anyway I have yelped before going and this place came up and when I saw shrimp tacos on the menu not much was going to deter me.  Myself and a friend met there on Friday rainy night at 530 (probably why we were able to get a seat, actually the hosts even held a table for us, through the pouring rain as we ran a few minutes late) but the restaurant was ALREADY full and bustling, people this is NYC who eats dinner at 5 pm?  Either way, get here early, as they do not take reservations and the place has 4 tables for two and two tables for 4 and bar stools. As tiny as it gets, but worth it, the atmosphere is beautiful, the drink menu makes you want to try (and I AM NOT a cider or beer person) pretty much every beer and cider they offer - I had the pear cider and it's out of this world.  In term of food, we had the shrimp tacos (yum) and Tuna tartar, which was very good and also the mac and cheese which was wonderfully presented in a clay pot and allowed for different textures. Prices in terms of UES actually reasonable and and while the place is crammed you don't get to really pay attention to it much. Overall a win win.	1
Awesome meal every time. Sick beers. Just too small and pain in butt to get in... Tuna is great. Bruschetta is great. Mac n cheese is well... Its pretty awesome.  They have Brooklyn blast, pretty rare beer to have.	1
By far my favorite restaurant in NYC. I started coming here with my bf when it first opened and I lived a few blocks away. It's cozy and vibrant and the food is absolutely SUPERB! I recommend the shrimp tacos, tuna tartare, paella, date pudding, and chocolate soufflé. Now that I no longer live in NYC I truly miss Heidi's and always make time for a dinner there when I am vacationing in NY. After frequenting this restaurant for almost three years now I can say that the excellent food and service have been consistent. The service is incredible, both Heidi and the manager, Freddy, know how to make your dining experience something special. Honestly, words cannot describe how much I love this place!	1
We had 2 imported beers, sangria, crab dip app, lobster mac &amp; cheese, baked oysters (special) &amp; chocolate soufflé.  1. Beer is beer 2. Sangria not very fruity flavored at all 3. Crab dip to die for 4. Mac &amp; cheese w) lobster, good not great 5. Baked oyster special, really good/great 6. Belgian dark chocolate soufflé, died and gone to heaven on brown chocolate wings.  Overall nice ambiance, friendly service, small joint not big party friendly. Best for quiet, chill pairs. Would return.	1
Been meaning to come here for a long time, and finally made it! Got here at 5:30, which was clutch as there is only one table for 4!  Server was incredibly friendly and helpful, and most impressively she covered a bar of 10 and 3 tables at the same time.   Appetizer was crab dip, and sangria to go around.  The sangria was fresh and strong, and $4/glass during happy hour! Crab dip was delicious - if I could eat a bowl of that I would be happy (and dead from heart failure) Dinner was 2 orders of bacon mac, 1 lobster mac, and pasta special of the day (fresh gnocchi in basil tomato sauce.)  The mac was divine, served in cast iron pots.  Crunch sides, gooey middle.   Lobster was fresh and well cooked, bacon perfectly cooked.  Didnt try the pasta myself, but it got rave reviews. Definitely will be returning.	1
Came here with the lady and a friend on a Saturday night for dinner.  Getting in: - No reservations, walk in only - Called ahead to see if it was possible to get in.  Mentioned what time I was shooting for and they said to stop by 30mins early.  We did, put our name on list and went and had a drink at Uva around the corner - You get a call when your table is a few minutes from being ready Atmosphere:  - Small restaurant that is fun and intimate.  We sat at the bar which was nice Service: - Heidi served us herself.  She was great and friendly.  Very inviting. Food: - Fish Tacos: These were good.   - Paella: This was great.  Very generous with the seafood.  Well worth the money.  I really enjoyed this - Mac &amp; Cheese: Lady got this. It was very good and very heavy.  You will need to hit the gym after this one.  Get it with the bacon - Pasta of the day: Our friend got the mushroom pasta of the day. It was very tasty Drinks: - I stuck to beer. They have a pretty nice selection of American crafts, Belgians and UK + cider Other: - They have board games and puzzles, if that's your thing - Didn't like all the dried roses hanging upside down in the bathroom, but bathroom was clean and nice with cloth towels Overall we really enjoyed our night here.  Had no idea a little gem like this was in the neighborhood.  Next time we are feeling lazy and don't want to go downtown, we will stop by here.	1
Heidi's House is really Heidi's studio - very small and tight, there was room for maybe 10 people at the tables and 8 at the bar. The food was pretty good, great beer and wine selection, and a cozy atmosphere. Tuna Tartar - excellent, it came with a foamy guacamole Crab Dip - not quite what I expected, lacking in spice. It didn't contain the traditional artichokes or gruyere, but whatever complemented the crab was not that good. Hamburger - excellent, served medium rare, yummy fries Mac and Cheese - also excellent, served piping hot Date Pudding - the best part of the mean, served with a small chocolate cake and fresh cream Service - Passable, there was only one server, he was a bit rushed but he was attentive enough Ambiance - cozy to tight, but nice music and not too loud Comfort - you're sitting on bar stools with no backs I came here with my wife but I'm not sure this place would work for a first or second date. Probably best for an intimate dinner with a friend.	1
Owner was really nice and welcoming. Food was good - arguably a limited menu though.  Would recommend it to anyone looking for a nice relaxed meal in an interesting setting.  We did manage to walk past it once without seeing it though - could be that we're tourists - it's rather nondescript from the outside (how things change when you enter though).	1
I have been wanting to try this place since my bf moved to the UES a few months ago. Our order: Drinks: Red sangria &amp; Apple cider beer Appetizer: Shrimp tacos Entrees:Hamburger and Mac&amp;Cheese (no toppings) Dessert: Date Pudding The short: everything was absolutely delicious.The shrimp tacos were particularly good-- the sauce that comes with it is also divine. Only 3 tacos though, so make sure you're with someone that is okay if you have 2:1 :). My bf said the hamburger was great and fresh. The Mac&amp;Cheese was the best I've ever had (1000x better than The Smith's), but SO heavy. I would recommend forcing yourself to only eat 1/2; you'll push to eat more. The Date Pudding was absolutely outstanding-- one of the top 5 desserts we have both ever eaten. SO.GOOD. I wasn't a huge fan of their red sangria, but my bf did love his apple cider beer (not sure the exact name) but it was very light, refreshing, and apple-juice-like.  We had NO complaints about the food, but the ambiance was totally juxtaposed to our food-experience. It was so hot inside, sitting at the bar was not comfortable (not a huge fan of high-tops though in general). They had two huge air conditioning units on the wall, but neither was turned on. We will probably go back in the winter.	1
Love this place. Small,cozy  and you feel right at home. They have a bunch of ciders which is a perk and the food is delicious. I had the roasted artichoke salad and tried the burger and lobster ravioli. We shared the chocolate soufflé for dessert. Everything was great. I would definitely recommend--it's an UES gem.	1
Another 4.5 star place.  Heidi's House is a very small but excellent place to meet for a bite of food or some drinks.  I don't go to the UES that often, but was meeting a friend for dinner and thought I would try here.  The bartender was also the waiter and was extremely nice, I did feel bad for him as it was extremely difficult to be the lone person upfront. I got the Mac and Cheese with chorizo and my friend got the burger.  I probably would have preferred the bacon or lobster, but I had never tried M&amp;C with chorizo, so I gave it a shot.   My friends burger was very tasty.  It was very juicy and perfectly cooked. All in all, this seems like a great place for an intimate yet casual date or just to meet up with 1 or 2 friends.  I would not recommend coming here with any group larger than 3-4, with really 2 being the optimal number.	1
I've had this place bookmarked for the longest time, and I was finally able to visit this past week. There are many pros to this tiny wine bar, but the number one being how engaged the owner is with the place and the customers. She clearly had a vision of what she wanted the place to be like and has completely "nailed it!" The menu is not extensive but everything is organic and truly delicious. Service is fast... Maybe because there aren't many tables to keep up with. I ordered a sangria thinking it's a wine bar/ tapas place and it should be good, but unfortunately it was watered down, and they filled half a glass with sangria, and half of that was fruit. I got two sips of water with fruit and a drop of wine.. But I guess that was a good thing. I'm sure it was a one-off and it will be better next time. They don't serve any soda since "Heidi thinks it's the devil" how awesome!!   I love it even more since it's a short walk from my apartment. Will be back for sure.	1
Beautiful looking dishes which are backed up by fantastic flavours. This is an opulent restaurant with perfect attentive service. The menu is a true culinary masterclass. Nice for a special occasion.	1
Great food, great ambiance, affordable wines and entrees. I had the mac and cheese with bacon, my wife had paella, and we split crab dip. We had a very nice bottle of Malbec that was just $30. They also have a solid beer selection. Our server was Heidi herself, who was very personable and happy to recommend different options for food and drink.  The place only seats about 20 so we called at 5 to get on the waiting list (no reservations) were were called 10 minutes before our requested time and were seated about 5 minutes after that.  It was cozy, but not crowded, and not too loud for a Sat night. I highly recommend this spot.	1
So I had been reluctant to come here for a while because of their limited menu, but I now know that choices are overrated! My boyfriend and I got the crab dip and shrimp tacos to start, and then the burger and pasta of the day for our entrees. Everything was delicious and portioned just right. They also have board games in the corner you can bring to your table, so my boyfriend and I played a game of Battleship that we finished just in time for our starters. And yes, this place is small so get here early and not with more than 2-3 people. I got here at 6pm on a Friday and was seated immediately.  The only slight negative was that there was only one person acting as waiter, bartender, and host. My water never got filled but otherwise, service was quick and friendly for all the duties he had! 5 stars for a great dinner all around.	1
Probably the best restaurant in this neighborhood.  The highlights for me: - Owners who care about the good being put out - High quality ingredients (organic, humanely raised, etc.) - great service in a cozy spot The burger is consistently delicious. Paella is also nicely done.  The specials are always great too!	1
Every time I go to NY I make sure I eat at Heidi's. The food is out of this world and Heidi herself is fun.  I love the gnocchi with the lamb ragu and vegetarian Ravioli with butternut squash. Make sure you try the specials. The dessert is nice too. I tried both chocolate souffle and the date pudding and both were yummy. the ambiance is cozy and warm. Due to very limited seating areas sometimes you have to wait for over 30min to get seated but it definitely worth it!	1
I hate that this place is so tiny, because it's always crowded &amp; I have to wait forever to get a table, but it's SOOO worth it! We came here around dinner time &amp; the wait was a little over an hour, just enough to walk down the street for a pitcher of beer &amp; back. Once we got there, we tried the guacamole &amp; mac &amp; cheese, both mouthwateringly good. The menu is small, but apparently it changes often &amp; everything is amazing. They also have an extensive beer list! You can tell the owners put a lot of thought into their little restaurant (even their bathroom is adorable) &amp; want to make sure each customer feels at home, something I can really appreciate. The place is darling, the food is fantastic, &amp; the beer is cold - what more could you ask for?	1
Local spot. Away from the trouble that lies on 2nd Avenue. This is tasty home cookin'. COME AND GET IT.  We tried the Paella and Mac and Cheese with Bacon. Pretty solid. I now understand why another yelper wants to kidnap the chef.  One man show bartender/waiter who is very nice.  We will return to try the rest of the menu very soon.	1
Try to come early so you won't have to wait long for a seat since the place is pretty small. All bar tops and stools. Came here friday night with my boyfriend around 545 and got seated right away.  Seems like there is only one person working in the front which service can be a bit slow when that person has to seat people, get drinks, take orders, serve food, clean tables and get checks for customers.. oh forgot to mention, he had to pick up phone calls as well. This guy did everything... he seriously needs maybe a busboy or something at least. When he took our order down, i wished he wrote it down considering he was everywhere. I was right, we ordered the happy hour mac and cheese with chorizo but instead got it with bacon (which was very delicious and our favorite dish throughout the night).  Bruschetta - also very good and yummy. Just right with the grape tomatoes. (however, i ordered this and he forgot to put the order in. When i asked him, he said that he didn't think i ordered it. Which im pretty sure i did considering he was probably so busy doing everything that he forgot. But he put the order in for us right away and apologized).   Paella - It was ok, it wasn't as i expected. Nothing to crazy about Skirt steak - One of their specials on the board. Ok, this is definitely something i personally would not order again. The flavor, sauce and spinach that came with it were very tasty, however, the steak it self was too chewy for me.  Beer and wine selection were great. I'll definitely come back to try other items on the menu!	1
Brought my parents here for their 40th anniversary, it was also the first time they met my girlfriend.  The host was extremely helpful and attentive to our needs, my dad has back problems, and she had another patron switch chairs with his stool. The food was fantastic, although the portion wasn't terribly filling.  The wine selection is great. Overall, it's one of the best spots I've been to on the UES, and can easily compete with most LES spots.	1
I hesitate to give such a glowing review because of this spot's limited space. Don't want you all crowding me out. But I have to. There has never, in my experience of dining in NYC been a more eclectic, real, down home, gourmet, thoughtful and well executed meal than the one I just had at Heidi's House. And I will leave it at that. I am now a regular. Will be there on the regular. And that is all I will say. Explore the menu yourselves. I am confident that nothing will disappoint. And the service, perfect. The decor. Perfect. It's all insanely, amazingly perfect.	1
Really delicious. Yes, had to wait a long time on a Saturday night but definitely worth it. Especially is you go somewhere else for a cocktail. Had the shrimp tacos as an app, truly yummy. Just how I like them-corn tortillas, grilled shrimp. I had the lobster ravioli. Great but my only complaint was that it was too salty, a common miss-step in most restaurants. My husband had the paella and it was delicious. We had the date pudding. A must!!  Great service.	1
This place was so great I'm definitely going back. It's very very small so I wouldn't go here with groups but it's perfect for a date or to meet up with a friend or two. They have a great selection or beers, wines, and ciders. We had a pear cider that was the best I've ever had. I ordered the pasta special (fettuccini with lamb) and my husband ordered the cheese burger. Both dishes were amazing.	1
Have to say it's probably one of my new favorite restaurants. The ambiance is great, subtle jazz music in the background, and the service there is friendly and great. Large wine selection and beers, but the sangria is really really tasty (only made from wine soo...good on that front!)  The guacamole is simple, yet very delicious which perfect corn chips to go with it. The roasted artichoke salad is so different and interesting, mix of all kinds of things with truffle oil, but perfectly paired and so tasty! The shrimp tacos were in a league of their own, shrimp were grilled and so flavorful and pretty good portion too. DATE pudding, as others have said is in a league of its own. I haven't tasted anything like it, so fresh, and not too sweet, but very delicious.  I will definitely be back here to try their specials, and their homemade pastas.	1
Awesome - must go. One of my favorite restaurants in the UES.	1
This place is tiny. Four two-person tables and the bar tiny.  Having said that.  I came for dinner on a Saturday night. Jazzy music and intimate lighting. You can actually have a conversation.  And I had a lobster Mac and cheese. It takes half an hour but well worth the wait! Clearly baked when you order and with good chunks of lobster.  Will come back!	1
Cozy restaurant with extremely amicable staff and AMAZING comfort food. Definitely try the mac and cheese, paella, or shrimp tacos. And if you order any dessert please do yourself a favor and get the Date Pudding (it's a traditional British dessert, and any dessert in the UK is known as "pudding" so it's not actually pudding...it's a warm piece of chocolate cake in a plate of their own caramel/ rum sauce, and homemade whipped cream on the side). It's to die for. Plenty of wine and beer options - just make reservations beforehand as it gets crowded quickly!	1
Fantastic restaurant. Terrific food and the owner is extremely friendly. We loved the guacamole. It wasn't the best guacamole we've ever had! Also really lovely hummus and fish tacos. This tacos were fabulous. This cute little restaurant also has an amazing beer and wine selection. Come early or call to get on the list. Only a few tables and limited bar space. We will be back.	1
Oink Oink! Heidi's House makes me feel like a pig.  Everything here was so good... Argh!  We came here late Tuesday evening...  Kate had to work late and we cancelled our 815 reservation to 915... We figured that It wouldn't be too crowed at that hour.... We were wrong...   There were 2 other groups waiting for tables and the place was packed.  Luckily calling ahead helped.  We got the next table.  I started off with nice cold Seaweed beer.  Yeah!  I was not too bad... considering I didn't drink my daily cold pressed kale juice that day I thought it would be good for me... hahaha!  I could taste a faint hint but Kate couldn't taste the algae/seaweed.  It was pretty good otherwise.  Kate settled for a white...   Back to the food...   We got the paella and the mac and cheese w/lobster.  Dude, the paella was off the hook.  It had chunks of lobster meat, shrimp (w/o scales), scallops.. Perfectly blended ... It was wonderful.  The mac and cheese wasn't half bad.   Cheese was gooey goodness and had the right out of the oven taste...  We were a bit disappointed about the lack of lobster meat. in the Mac and Cheese... "where is the meat." hahaha!   Otherwise had a great time.  I had an opportunity to try several craft beers... must admit got a bit tipsy. Overall a wonderful dining experience.  We definitely will be back to get my Oink Oink on!	1
Cozy place. Great atmosphere and drink menu. Limited food options and slightly expensive.	1
Its the place for excellent food and a great ambience at reasonable prices. It is small and intimate and I think there's only one table that seats 4, but a terrific place. Order the mac &amp; cheese and prepare to see the comfort food Buddha. You will pass to the next life a happy soul.	1
Freddie provides amazing service even when the place is packed. Food was excellent, great ambiance. A little on the pricey side, but it is all fresh ingredients and the gnocchi was the best I've ever tried, so soft and perfectly done. Will go back to try more dishes for sure.	1
Heidi's house. Do you mean Heidi Klum's house? Well when I called to put my name on the waiting list, a duded answered and when I ate there, there was no sign of Heidi Klum or any Heidi Klum look alike. Oh well. You cannot make reservations but you can call at 5pm on the day of to put your name on the waiting list. This is highly recommended because the restaurant is small. Its a very cozy restaurant. There was only one waiter who was running the whole show and he did a pretty good job. The drink menu is extensive but the food menu was not!  We started off with humus, they put sundried tomato oil in the middle and it came with warm pita bread. It was delicious. I really liked the kick that the sundried tomato oil provided. For my main course, I was so tempted to have the mac and cheese (they also have pasta specials everyday so make sure you ask what the specials are). I ended up having the hamburger, which was served on an English muffin. I loved the fact that it was served in an English muffin, because its lighter than a hamburger bun. The beef was succulent and juicy! It came with skinny fries.  For desert, I had the date pudding. I don't usually like dates but this pudding was pretty good. It was also with whipped cream on the side, that seemed to be home made. I can't wait to come back to try everything else on the menu!	1
YUM YUM YUM. mac &amp; cheese was the best i've ever had! It comes in a claypot so the dish would stay hot the entire time until you're done with it. The taste was delicious and the serving was generous. We also ordered a pasta of the day which was gnocchi in truffle oil and mushrooms and boy, it was so good! the gnocchi were really fresh and everything came well together. I also had the pear ale which i love because of it's sweetness and how light it was. The IPA was great as well.  Gosh, writing this makes me miss this place!  Small place but so so so good.	1
Excellent meal at Heidi's house! My mom and I shared the bacon mac and cheese and an heirloom tomato with mozzarella salad from the special menu. Both were to die for! The best part about the mac and cheese was scraping the cooked cheese from the sides of the dish and eating it. The restaurant is small and cozy but the tables are well spaced enough that you don't feel cramped. I will be back to try more of the menu (I have my eye on the paella next).	1
If I were ever to open up a restaurant, I'd want it to be just like Heidi's house. Heidi, the owner, is also the hostess, bartender, and waitress. She has an awesome personality and makes you feel welcome without being overbearing. Her "house" is cozy, warm, and decorated in a homely but chic style... from the dark lighting and rustic furniture to the dried flowers in the bathroom and real cloth napkins. I ordered the pork special, and I was able to alter it slightly to meet dietary needs. It was DELICIOUS, I was scraping the meet of the bone. Heidi noticed some meat left on the bone and she convinced me to take it home. The menu is small but always changing slightly and fresh. I will definitely be back to Heidi's and hope to some day take over ownership :P	1
The food is rather simple, but tasty. To my taste, I'd add a little less of tomato pasta/sauce. But overall, it's very adequate to the price level. The main reason to go here however is the atmosphere. It's a tiny place for locals, very "warm" and family like, you almost feel like home. The service is quick and efficient, don't expect they'll come up to you every 5 minutes, though:)  I'll be glad to come back	1
These are some of the toughest seats to get on the Upper East Side. Heidi's is crazy popular, and for good reason.  It's very small, with maybe 5-6 tables along the wall plus 10-ish bar seats.  There's usually only a couple of staff members working at once, but they are on fire!  The bartender/waiter/host especially is super nice and always makes an effort to accommodate his customers.  It's a true pleasure eating here. Food is absolutely delicious.  I've had multiple pasta dishes (they usually have 1 pasta of the day), the shrimp tacos, hummus, guac, and shrimp salad - everything has been excellent so far.  It's comfort food across multiple cuisines.  Wine selection is excellent and very well priced. LOVE.	1
The food is always awesome.  The menu is small, but everything ranges from pretty good to excellent (my favorites are the paella and the tuna tartar). It's definitely more fun when Heidi is there.  She is really friendly, funny, and livens the place up.  She always manages to find a way to get my girlfriend and I to talk to the people next to us.  She kind of reminds me of Claire from Modern Family.   The place is really small, but I feel like it somehow it works in its favor.  You will end up sitting at the bar or one of the three or so tables against the wall parallel to the bar.  There is only one table that will fit more than two people but you can typically find three seats in a row at the bar most nights, if not you will only have to wait a few minutes.   They have a good wine/beer/cider selection.  The food is all local and organic.  The service is pretty good considering the bartender is also the waiter/waitress.  If they are really busy they will call you when a table opens up.  In someone's review they complained about this, but it always works out fine for me. I almost forgot to mention the games.  Heidi has some vintage board games by the door that are pretty fun to play when the place clears out late night.	1
One of the most memorable meals I've had in a while... The staff was friendly &amp; knowledgable. The wine list was extensive and REASONABLE. The bar tender even asked if we were OK to spend $48/bottle on our selection, a great California Cab. Maybe, I'm a jaded, snobby NYer, but that was a breath of fresh air. The artichoke salad and the Paella were both incredible... CANT WAIT TO GO BACK!	1
In a neighborhood full of places that cater to bros in baseball hats, Heidi's is a very welcome refuge.  The crowd is normally the type who has quiet conversation, the bartender super friendly and helpful.  It does feel very homey and actually kind of like you've left the city.  I have never had anything here that was short of delicious- they only use fresh and simple ingredients and keep the menu short and sweet to things they know how to do well.  Mac and cheese, crab dip, paella, and even their special salads with things like sauteed artichokes are all great.  Order anything with bacon- what doesn't a lardon pair well with?   Just enough of a selection of wines by the glass and although I'm personally not a beer drinker, other people are fans of the list. Because it's so small, either get there really early (they open at 5), or else call early and put your name on the list-they will call you when your table is ready.  There's often a 1.5 hour wait at prime-time dining hours so plan ahead. Heidi's is definitely worth the work to get there.	1
Was my mac and cheese $23? Yes, yes it was. Was it worth every penny? Yes, absolutely it was! And that dark chocolate souffle was heavenly. Definitely impressed with the food, I will definitely be back to kidnap that chef or to work my way through the menu, whichever is easier! Huge selection of beers and wines too with reasonable prices.  Small place with 3-4 double tables, and bar seating. I wouldn't recommend groups larger than 3-4 to go or it could be a little cramped. Waitress was funny, interesting, and attentive. Loved it here!	1
Amazing place!! Love the cozy atmosphere! Food is good and new food is on the menu nearly every day. Also it has a lot of gluten free options. Not the best place for a group of people but great for 1or at the most 3 people.!	1
Rarely ever do I do this (unsure if I ever have on Yelp), but after last night I felt compelled to write something. This place is Amazing. We've gone here a number of times, and each time it only gets better, as Heidi &amp; Co always go the extra mile. You immediately feel welcomed when you show up, whether it's the fact that Heidi actually knows your name or the seamless conversations you have with them. The food is solid with good variety, of which we typically order a few small plates and share (great guac and Mac'N'Cheese). On top of it, the service is stellar. But what led me to posting a review was the fact that Heidi came running after me last night after having left my work bag at one our table. So not even at the bar, but at a table tucked away from view, and she came running out of the restaurant after me. We will continue to go here for date-nights, and recommend Heidi's House to friends!	1
I've visited only once and had the beef lasagna.  It was a small portion and came with a small salad.  The lasagna was one of the best, perhaps the best I've ever had.  It was also $20.  I suppose one can chalk that up to NYC prices, just seemed a bit high for a small serving.  The salad dressing was a bit acidic alone but paired with rounded flavor and richness of the lasagna the dish was well balanced.	1
Interesting place.... It doesn't seem like a restaurant, but it's not really a bar either.  They have a massive selection of wine, beers, and ales.  It was a very small place. A few complaints...The tables were so small.  They'd be great for drinking a beer or two, but not for dinner.  The person who served us was very friendly, but he felt like a bartender, not a server.  Not his fault tho.  I got the feeling like the food was not supposed to be the star of the show, but the reality is that it was! It almost feels like the good food was an accident. I had the lobster mac and cheese, and my wife had the seafood spaghetti.  Both were excellent. In my opinion, they need to focus on the food.  There's so much potential there for an amazing restaurant.	1
WoW! This is definitely one of those heard from a friend of a friend through the grapevine place...it's not on the main avenue but seems it would always be packed and not just because there are only 15 or so seats. The night we went there were regulars and newcomers like us. This place must have a loyal following.  My friend is gluten free which is why we came but everything on the menu looks awesome.  I read all the reviews before going so I was prepared to encounter bad service but it was actually anything but. Yes, they are very busy but they do give each diner good attention when it's their turn. They were even nice enough to call us on our cell when the table was ready. As for the food, its an eclectic menu but all very good. We had the chips and guacamole, shrimp tacos, and lobster mac n cheese.  The mac n cheese did not taste GF even though it was. Sometimes pasta that is GF can have a weird texture but this did not. There were chunks of lobster in there not just some shredded up imitation stuff.  I would definitely go back again....especially when I can drink again because they have some great beers and wine on the menu.	1
Had a really enjoyable dinner here and would recommend Heidi's to friends. My wife and I shared two specials, the gnocchi and the garlic shrimp, and finished off with the incredible chocolate soufflé.  Pros: Atmosphere is really fun, charmingly cramped, lively yet romantic; Heidi and her husband are very attentive and fun to chat with; and most important the dishes we had were all extremely tasty. Definitely order the soufflé. Cons: The gnocchi was mushy, the consistency of mashed potatoes rather than pasta, but it still had great flavor so we didn't mind. Both specials were fairly pricey (~$20) and for that cost (especially for the 6 shrimp) it would have been nice to have received some side vegetables or something.	1
A friend recommended this place to me for the Mac and Cheese. I have been back here a few times since then and I keep on getting the Burger. Honestly, they have one of the best burgers, EVER! This thing is perfect medium rare and melts in your mouth. Sooo juicy and delicious. My boyfriend has had a few of their meat-free dishes/specials and enjoyed them as well. His only complaint was that they were a bit on the smaller side.  This has quickly become one of my favorite places in the neighborhood. You may have to wait for a table or the bar, because it's a tiny place, but it is worth the wait.	1
Sometimes while walking the streets in this city you can still be surprised by what you will find when going down a block rarely visited. Such was the case this past Friday night when I was on my way to a wine tasting event at a local store. As I was hurrying down 78th street towards York Ave I noticed this quaint little storefront with an old set of table and chairs with flowers and lights adorning them. I did a double take as I walked by, stopped in my path, and walked a few steps backwards to take a peek inside. Turns out, it was a very small wine bar. I grabbed a business card from the table outside and went to the event. As we were finishing up the wine tasting I mentioned we should maybe extend our evening and hit this place up. When we got there it was packed wall to wall with people. As I was standing in the doorway looking around the owner Heidi came over and would not let us leave until she got my number and said she would call when a spot became available for the three of us. We walked around the area for about 20 minutes when the call came to come over. She got us a great spot near the end of the bar overlooking the whole place. It was then that you could really see how small this bar/restaurant really is. Almost shoe box sized, but with a very cozy and homey type feel, and everyone around seemed genuinely happy to be there. As we had pre-gamed during the wine tasting event we were set for more wine, and Heidi's did not disappoint. They have a really nice selection of wines by the glass and bottle at reasonable prices. I had a Cotes du Rhone that was fantastic and had three glasses of it. Dummy! I should have just bought the whole bottle. There is also a diverse selection of craft bottled beers and sodas here too if wine is not your speed. The drinks went down easy all evening, almost too easy, while enjoying constant banter with Heidi at the bar. She is lovely and fun, and really seems to enjoy owning this place and taking care of the patrons. Now for the food. Oh My God! The food here is just awesome. It is basically comfort food tapas style. To start we ordered the hummus made with organic garbonzo beans and warm pita slices. It was pureed into a tasty creamy consistency. We also ordered the guacamole with homemade corn chips and it was terrific. I could not stop eating those chips. Being the starving ravenous animals we are we also ordered the mac and cheese, and the pasta special gnocchi of the day. The mac and cheese came in a bowl with a crunchy top and was made with white cheddar and rotini pasta. Just. Simply. Terrific. The gnocchi was melt in your mouth delicious and was made a little different than usual with tomato, seasoning, and shredded cheese on top. Wow. Wow. Wow.  Yes, this place is a food orgasm. As I said, even though the menu is limited, what they do offer is beyond the normal wine bar small plates. Some serious love and thought went into this menu. Plus, there are daily specials on the board placed outside. The gnocchi ran out right after we ordered ours, so get there early if you don't want to miss out. I also noticed the fantastic looking burgers they offer here that others were digging into. Mental note to get that on my next visit. Now dessert is another story, and is crazy good on another level. Only two on the menu - chocolate souffle and date pudding. Now, the souffle was wonderful and creamy made with dark chocolate, but the date pudding was unreal! It is hard to describe, but was served hot with a spicy wonderfulness that actually made us fight over it. Yes, we ordered another immediately!  Food. Orgasm. For. Sure. I tell you, this place is simply a terrific gem on the UES. Nothing fancy. Nothing large and obnoxious. Just right. The owner is a super fun person and already knows many of the patrons here. Charming and cozy is an accurate way to describe it. Great service, wonderful food, and terrific wine choices. I almost did not want to write this review for fear that more people will find out about it and make it impossible to get a seat there! She told us it has only been open for about four months, and the crowd has found it now. Good to see a new small business doing well. The things you can still stumble upon in this city amazes me to this day. We fell in lust with this place and will be back for sure! Many times too!  --------------------------------------------------­-------------------------------------- Definitely call for reservations, or get there really early. As there is limited seating, and it is small, you might be placed at the bar, so be aware if that is something that will bother you. We loved being at the bar. --------------------------------------------------­-------------------------------------- The bathroom is nice and clean, with dried roses hanging from the ceiling, peppermint scented soap, and small fresh towels to dry your hands. You just don't see that in restaurant bathrooms! Nice touch!	1
WOW. An honest to goodness gem of a small restaurant. As I have recently become enamoured with the discovery of tapas (...long overdue, I realize...), I picked up on my friend and lovely occasional dinner partner Cara A.'s enticing review of this establishment. A small bite to eat and a drink after one of my Upper East Side work days is all I ask for sometimes. The next thing I know, we set up a date to go! Hurray! Tucked unassumingly into a tiny and fairly nondescript storefront in the middle of East 78th, I never would have thought to look here for a place to eat if I was just randomly wandering through this 'hood. Inside, a long and skinny bar stretches to the back, with skinny wood tables for two pressed up against the painted brick wall. (Space is definitely at a premium.) A sliding rice paper door occasionally would swing open, revealing a small kitchen, almost like a little secret. The painted blue tin roof was lovely, but the horseshoe crabs mounted on the walls over the bar totally did it for me. I was automatically charged by the decor alone! The food? DAMN. I ate what I will gladly consider to be the PERFECT early evening summer meal: A burger made with grass-fed beef, served on a doughy English muffin, topped with onions, baby spinach, and a perfectly sliced tomato. I paired it with a Kopparberg pear cider. I...almost died of happiness and went to Heaven. As Cara said in her review, "I imagine I'll frequent Heidi's for the mac and cheese alone." As sure as her word, she  ordered a plate of it and was generous enough to share a few bites with me. Once again, if I may iterate: DAMN. Cheesy, salty, peppery, and creamy, with lots of crunchy over-cooked cheese stuck to the side of the cast iron skillet it's served in. It's a dream come true! It's good enough to eat even on a humid sunny evening! I might have to get my own next time. A small menu boasts a few salads and other shareable plates, such as gaucamole and bruschetta. I would love to come back with a friend sometime and split some of theses dishes. I'd love to come back alone for some mac and cheese. I'd just love TO go back!	1
I am sorry i forgot to review this place after a visit a while back.  I remember it was nice little place and really friendly staff and good food.  Also best part of the service is that you can call ahead and get your name on the list.  That is just awesome.	1
This is truly an UES gem. Tiny but quaint. The staff is also amazing. I recommend the shrimp tacos, paella, macaroni and cheese, and the souflee if you still have room. Hands down, this is one of my favorites.	1
What a find this place is! And I'm glad the UES side-street location ensures that it doesn't blow up because it's tiny, with just a handful of "squeeze-in" tables and some seats at the bar. Heidi's is very cute and unpretentious, boasting a well-chosen list of wines and beers. You're sure to find something here. I had a white Languedoc that was really interesting and unusual. Great choice. And the food is just awesome. We stuck with small plates and everything hit the spot: Shrimp tacos: very generous on the shrimp, which are lightly grilled to perfection. Guacamole: super-fresh, thick chunks, better than most Mexican places in NY. Tuna tartare: a thick mound of raw tuna heaven in a guacamole reduction. If I lived closer I'd be here all the time. Great place.	1
I absolutely love Heidi's House and can't think of a reason not to give it 5 stars. The food is excellent; lovely service; and I like the variety on the wine list. It is so cute and cozy also. I just want to hang out there. And eat mac and cheese, and drink wine. It's probably a good thing it's a hike for me, or I wouldn't really fit through the door; it's a tiny place!	1
When you walk into Heidi's House, it feels exactly like that, a small cottage-like rustic ambiance with the wood trimmings, dark lighting, and a cozy feel. It gives you the impression that you are in someone's house rather than a full-fledged restaurant. Seating is very limited with four 2-person tables, one 4-person table, and 6-8 seats at the bar. It's very narrow, with seats back to back to each other, making it ideal for couples. If you have a large group, I'd advise saving this place for a more intimate gathering. Near the back, is a Shoji, a japanese-like paper sliding door that leads to the small 10'x10' kitchen. Inside, two Spanish guys operate the mini-kitchen. I don't know how they do everything in that small space, but their food is delicious and well-worth it!! You may notice that the Yelp community has classified Heidi's as a tapas bar, but I feel like it's far from that. The prices to portion sizing is more of your average-sized, rather than tastings of items. The Shrimp Tacos ($10.00) are definitely worth trying. Three soft corn tortillas filled with 4-5 small shrimp that are sauteed with julienne yellow peppers, then topped with cilantro. These tacos are very tasty, the shrimp are plump and moist. It bothers me when restaurants make the mistake of overcooking them to oblivion. And don't forget to squeeze the lime wedge to give it some acidity, and drizzle some of their delicious spicy green salsa that gives it a little heat. The Macaroni &amp; Cheese ($12.00) is always the talk of the town when you mention Heidi's. We got ours with Chorizo Sausage (+$5.00). It takes about 20 minutes to bake and broil, so plan on some appetizers or to do some waiting. The top was nice and crusted, which my guess is from being thrown on the broiler for a little while. The mac and cheese is cooked in a stone pot so the walls of the macaroni were crispy as well. Small chunks of chorizo sausage added a subtle saltiness to this otherwise creamy mac and cheese. The chorizo did not have a significant spice to the meat, but it was still very good. However, I'd probably try the Mac &amp; Cheese with lobster, or just go for the plain. One minor dislike that I had, was that the macaroni &amp; cheese was slightly oily, possibly from the chorizo sausage. You will especially notice the greasiness when you get to the bottom of the stone pot. Besides that, you're in for one delicious mac &amp; cheese, but Dumont still reigns supreme as my go-to spot for superb macaroni and cheese. Bottles of beer range from $6-$14 and glasses of wine range from $6-$19. One of the big hits that we really enjoyed was the  Gavi (glass - $8), which is a very smooth semi-sweet white wine from Italy. For beer drinkers, the Left Hand Milk Stout (bottle - $6.00) is a good choice if you like your malty beers, akin to Guinness, but not as malty. Table service was great. We were expecting to meet Heidi, as we hear that she is there most days, but instead, one Spanish guy by the name of Freddy seemed to be handling everything in front, from seating customers, taking their orders, operating the bar, serving tables, refilling glasses and procuring the bill. Between rounds, he would sit at the bar and chat with a customer. I will definitely be back to try their paella and other dishes. Most of the customers seemed to be regulars. Each of them seemed to rave to their neighbor about their favorite dish at least once during their meal, and how they come or will be going to Heidi's at least once a month. I could definitely relate and agree with such a claim, as Heidi's serves some delicious eats. You just need to come and check it out yourself!	1
This teeny, tiny UES gem hidden down 78th feels like a french cottage and gets very busy during happy hour. If it's between 4 and 6pm I'll venture north to meet one of my domesticated girlfriends for a glass of wine and some lobster mac n cheese. Anytime after 6, don't bother as you most likely will not find a seat.  Their mac n cheese makes my top 5 for Manhattan (Cask still takes the cake, or cheese, at #1), mainly because of their options; tuffle oil, lobster, chorizo or broccoli? Incredible! We also munched on their crab cakes and cheese plate. Everything was just delightful.	1
Great atmosphere.  Heidi was great!  For the wine we ordered, she gave us a tasting to try before pouring the glass. The Mac &amp; Cheese and pasta special were yummy.  I only wish we could stay longer to try dessert...	1
Tuesday night 7pm with my favorite out of town guests, mom and sister!  My mom doesn't like hyped Ippudo 2 hour wait places, so I took her right after work to this tiny little getaway to get a seat.  Mom and sister stayed with me a week and Heidi's House was their favorite spot. AMBIANCE.  Tiny. It is literally the size of my studio apartment.  Quiet enough to hear each other and catch up. Nobody rushes you to hurry up and clear out even if the wait is long.  The bathroom has actual wash cloths and has dried roses hanging. It is quaint and homey.. it is crowded but not obnoxious like a bar.  In the past I have tried to eat here around 8 or 9 and the wait was about an hour.  Heidi was nice enough to take down our number and call us when a table becomes availble, as long as we are courteous enough to pick up the phone and let her know if we decided to eat elsewhere.   FOOD:  And of course the food was DELICIOUS. These "tapas" are not only large, they are decadent and flavorful so a little goes a long way. Between the 3 of us, we ordered 1 bottle of wine and 3 items off the menu and we felt full. Please be aware that the menu online doesn't reflect accurate prices.  Shrimp Tacos ($12)- My mom's FAVORITE.  SUPER delicious.  I can't really eat cilantro and I could have actually easily taken it off but I gave my helping to my mom because she loved it so much.   Mac N Cheese ($13)- We didn't have any special add-ins.  My mom and sister agree this is the best mac and cheese they have ever had.  Yummy crusty top and rich cheesy goodness underneath.  Mmmmmmmmm SPECIAL: Gnocchi with sautéed mushrooms, baby arugula, and Parmesan ($16).  The Gnocci was almost falling apart from being sooo babybutt soft.  I am still partial to my UVA Truffle Gnocci but this was also very good.   Cheapest bottle of wine ($21)- You cannot really find a cheaper bottle of wine at any other winebar.  Goood prices! Food was delicious, wine well priced.  Intimate atmosphere.  Great place to take it easy and catch up..I will be back again.  Loved it.	1
I have to say, the food here is top notch. I had the paella; nothing but large bits of seafood and goodness. Portion was on the small side and the price is bit high but the food hit the spot. So I have no other complaints. Nice little tucked away location. Good service (the server forgot to give me one of the appetizers, but that's ok). I definitely recommend it for the food (small menu), just don't see me going back.	1
Cozy restaurant with great comfort food and an extensive wine collection. They don't take reservations but you can call in advance of heading over to put your name on their waiting list. Great neighborhood spot (we don't mind the wait times (which sometimes can be upwards of an hour) because we are usually walking distance when we call). Mac and cheese is a must! We love the mac and cheese with chorizo the best. Although the menu is petty limited, they have weekly specials that are superb (like truffled gnocchi and braised short rib).	1
This place has been recommended to me a few times over and I finally made it in for dinner recently. My first impression was that it was very small but cozy, not cramped. The menu seemed a little all over the place to me (guacamole, paella, mac n cheese), but hey, if you can execute it well, why not offer it? My friend and I liked the fresh guacamole and the deliciously salty and crispy chips it came with, and my Vietnamese beef salad was nicely acidic and included lots of juicy steak. We didn't stay for dessert, but I'll be back eventually because I can hear that date pudding calling my name from 13 blocks away...	1
This is my fav restaurant by my apartment. They are so friendly and have some yummy food. Lobster Mac and Cheese is delic! never go wrong with the burger and the crab dip is SOOOOOOO good!!! Gnocchi is like butter, just melts in your mouth! GO in and have a great night. Call ahead and get your name on the waitlist because this place is very small and gets packed!!!	1
This was my home away from home whilst living in New York City and has arguably the best mac and cheese in town!!  Its a very small hole in the wall in the upper east side.  Fantastic core menu with a rotation of 3 specials each night.  be warned the menu is small but they cook those dishes to perfection!  Awesome range of craft beers and wines too.  i don't know how anyone could not love this place.	1
This was a sensational find on the upper east side.  From the moment the phone was picked up, to the paying of the bill at the end this place was 5 stars across the board. We were made to feel at home, and the food was superb, with an extensive non mainstream beer and wine selection.  Grass fed beef, organic and local ingredients--yum!!!!!!   Although the wait can be long it will be worth it.  Forget about the small size, that actually makes the ambiance great.	1
This is the greatest hole in the wall discovery I have ever made in NYC. I imagine it's the size of a Kardashian sister's walk-in closet -- so like a little bigger than a normal person's walk-in closet, but not by much. I went here on a date that was so-so, but the food and service were phenomenal. I'm pretty sure the woman who was waiting on us was the owner and she was so personable and offered such great recommendations on stuff, it made it that much cooler of an experience. I'd highly recommend the paella and mac &amp; cheese.	1
A reasonably priced gem in a neighborhood I don't often frequent. Replete with board games and nicely priced bottles of wine, the food is great (and as noted by others, really eclectic), Heidi's is perfect for 2 but I wouldn't dare coming w/ a party bigger than that. I wouldn't have expected this place to have delicious fish tacos.	1
I've been to Heidi's House a few times now and had an amazing experience every single time! The first time I went, Heidi came to take our drink order and I told her that I wasn't a huge wine drinker and asked if she had any recommendations.  She proceeded to bring me tasting after tasting of wine until we found one that I loved!  She was really knowledgeable about the wines and so friendly! On top of the great service, the food is AMAZING.  My recommendations are the guacamole, mac and cheese with chorizo, and whatever special Heidi is serving up that night. You can't go wrong!  This place is absolutely a neighborhood favorite!	1
Came to Heidi's on a Tuesday night with a girlfiend at around 7pm, and had no trouble getting a seat for two. I had called earlier to reserve a table for five, and the kind man over the phone had no problem putting us on the waiting list if there was a wait- I'm assuming this is because it was empty when I called around 6p. Alas, the three other friends deferred, and a table for five was deemed unnecessary, but good to know that some sort of reservation system is available, especially because by 8p, there was a long wait. To give people an idea of seating, Heidi's has one tabletop that can seat 5 people, three tables that can seat 2 people, and a bar that can hold 10. In other words, it's tight, but worth the wait. My friend and I each got shrimp tacos, and let me say that these were hands down the best shrimp tacos I've had in NYC. Four pieces of succulent shrimp to  in each taco (comes with three tacos, and can definitely be a meal), peppers, onions, served with a tangy sauce on the side. Sound like standard shrimp tacos, but the sauce was delicious,, and the shrimp cooked well. We also ordered the plain macaroni and cheese, and although the taste/consistency was good, a bite into it caused oil to seep to the top, something that I couldn't handle.  I would definitely come back here for the amazing shrimp tacos, and for a chance to get to see Heidi herself.	1
Such a gem in the UES.  This little restaurant on a side street is run by Heidi herself and you really feel like you are sitting down to dinner in someones home.  The setting is intimate and there is some bar seating and a few tables.  Heidi is always stopping by the table to see how the meal is and also can give recommendations on what is best that day.   There are always specials and they have a standing menu.  The most popular item is the mac and cheese which my boyfriend loves to get.  I have gotten the steak salad and paella here. Paella was fantastic and I would get it again.  Nice variety of beers and plenty of wines to choose from.  Very nice for an intimate date.	1
My husband and I walked in here at around 7pm on a Wednesday night and grabbed the last two spots at the bar. We both ordered the wild mushroom ravioli ($15). I got the pear cider and he got a glass of white wine.  Our food was out in a jiffy! We were so surprised how fast it was. The ravioli was to die for, but when we left, my husband made a beeline for the pizza place down the street, because he was still hungry. Yeah, the portions were not very big.  I luuurved my pear cider! Probably because it had added sugar, and thus more calories than a soda... Husband loved his wine, and I thought it was pretty tasty, too. Our bartender/waiter was great. He just oozed professional-waiter-who-really-knows-his-stuff vibes, while still being friendly and cool. I think the titular Heidi was there? And she was swearing a lot and being really crude....has anyone else seen this? It was the only off note in an an otherwise super charming place. If you want to come here, make a plan B for dining in the neighborhood before you swing by here to see if there are any seats!	1
A place where you can order shrimp tacos and bacon Mac n cheese. Great little hole in the wall. Bartender was very friendly. It was about and hour wait at 7pm so get there early to put your name down. The chocolate dessert was also very good. I'd go back.	1
What can I say?  I like an intimate spot.  Heidi's is a great version of a wine bar.  The food is eclectic.  The bartenders are knowledgeable.  And one of my favorite things?  They have an awesome selection of beer, too.  What is better than finding a place where beer and wine snobs can both be happy?  The answer is nothing.... If you are going to go, go early to get a spot.  And if you are going to order the guac, know that when they say spicy.... they mean spicy.	1
Heidi's House is cozy, cool, and has great service and food.  Shrimp tacos were great.  Paella was good - although the lobster was too chewy and the scallops a bit too "fishy" tasting.  Mac and cheese was good.  Date pudding was AMAZING.  I don't like dates nor pudding, but I devoured the date pudding and wished that I had ordered another one.  I love this place, except for the wait, though they will let you leave and call when your table is ready.	1
Sooo good! The date pudding - which is really sticky toffee pudding is amazing. The beer selection is awesome. If you like sweet things - get the pear cider. yum The paella was amazing. All of the ingredients were so fresh. Most amazing bacon of all time - ever	1
Tucked away on a side street on the Upper East Side, Heidi's House would feel right at home in Alphabet City, LES, or Chelsea. The recent movement afoot on the UES to open quality bars and restaurants is a welcome addition to the neighborhood where I've worked for the past decade, but escaped living due to the dearth of these kinds of places.  A narrow spot with rustic, eclectic decor, there's only one 4 top table in the entire place unless the 4 of you want to crowd around the long bar where you're served by Heidi herself. It's noisy, frenetic, and cramped, but oh so worth the inconvenience.  Heidi makes you feel like you're in her kitchen. She takes her time to describe each dish, wine, or beer with every customer who asks. While she's prone to hyperbole (several dishes were going to be "the best you've ever had"), she's warm, engaging, and funny.  The menu is solidly new American with some definite gems. The mac &amp; cheese with chorizo really was among the best I've had, as promised. Maybe not *the* best, but up there. Baked in an iron skillet, the melted cheese crusts to the sides for a savory finisher. The tuna tartar, while different and tasty, wouldn't rank among the best I've ever had, but Heidi had no way of knowing I've had variations on this dish all over Japan. The heirloom tomato salad is not to be missed.  The beer and wine selections are interesting, even off the beaten path. One beer from Maine was named for the brewer's daughter and had a plain white label. Never even heard of the brewery before. That's the kind of unique character you get at Heidi's House. I'll definitely be returning to try more of the menu.	1
This place has great food. It's as though someone took a west village eatery and plopped it on the upper east side. Beer selection is great and all the food was awesome. Mac &amp; cheese was top notch, apps were flavorful.  I just wouldn't go here with more than one other person because of the way it is set up and the menu is not very large  I will certainly be returning and would like to try the brunch.	1
This is one of my favorite restaurants on the upper east side. I have to admit I always get the mac and cheese with bacon b/c I love it, but I have been with others who have gotten paella, burgers, etc and they love those dishes too. They have a nice choice of wine and the sangria is pretty good too. They don't take reservations, but you can call ahead or go in and get your name on a list and they will call your cell when they have a spot for you. Heidi is very friendly and attentive and makes the place feel homey. It's the perfect place for a date or dinner with a friend or two since the place is small. If you sit at the bar you may have to get cozy with your neighbor, but that's part of the charm at Heidi's.	1
Heidi's House was such an unexpected find. I was walking on 78th street a few weeks ago when I discovered this little gem. I ended up giving it a try a few nights ago and all I can say the food is fabulous. The night I was there I tried one of their specials which happened to be a skirt steak. It was cooked perfectly and it was full of flavor. I am also a huge Mac and Cheese fan so I had to try the Mac and Cheese with Lobster as well. The Mac and Cheese was creamy and very good and the Lobster took this dish to another dimension.  My only complain is that this space is SMALL. I am talking three tiny tables and about 8 stools at the bar small. I really enjoyed the food but it started to get way too crowded and started to feel very cramped. So if you want to try Heidi's I highly recommned going early.	1
Absolutely love this place. Tiny little nook with one long bar and a few tiny tables squished against the wall. Just one girl running the place and she's great. Great food, wine, and ambience.	1
Such a cute date spot! Pricey but really cute. My bf and I came here one night for the Mac and cheese which was just ok. I prefer coming here for wine and cheese and their sangria. Great ambiance! Not so good for big crowds but great for a small intimate party	1
cute, small space.  if you're down to squeeze in, its great. good beer selection and the food i've tried there is great. the bartenders are usually very knowledgeable about what they're serving. heidi is usually there, and i hear she's usually quite helpful as well.	1
One of the best dining experiences EVER! Heidi and her team are so warm and friendly and the food was AMAZING!	1
Heidi's House is as close to a home as a restaurant gets. Small, tight and cozy, you're sometimes asked to shift around in order to make room for more people. The food is American comfort food elevated. It's also very rich and greasy, so come hungry. I tried the crab dip with tortilla chips and triscuits - the dip is incredibly rich. The mac and cheese comes in a little claypot, which ensures maximum crispiness around the edges. It was quite yummy, but again, incredibly rich. There was a little puddle of chorizo-tinted oil sitting at the bottom of my empty claypot. I highly recommend the burger, though. It's served on an English muffin, which was great because it didn't detract from the juicy and tender meat. I really enjoyed the warm and friendly atmosphere here. Great little gem in the Upper East side.	1
March 2012. I might have walked past Heidi's and kept going. I might have seen reviews, but thought it was just another over-hyped UES "gem."  But when I noticed mention of the guacamole, AND macaroni and cheese, AND date pudding, AND chocolate souffle in several yelp reviews, I knew I'd found him.  Cippy! The delightful man who used to work at the Bar @ Etats-Unis (I'm still sad they closed) and then briefly at Le Rendez-Vous (I still don't know what the fuck happened there). How I missed his simply prepared foods, and his warm smile.  I've been to Heidi's several times now, and it's kind of like coming home. But... not all the way. Maybe it's because the tiny kitchen isn't behind the bar, as it was in the previous two establishments, but behind a closed door. So you can't see the awesomeness of your souffle being prepared before your eyes. Maybe it's the crowd (and I use that word for a reason). Maybe it's lack of vegetarian salads on the menu. (Remember the Boston lettuce and blue cheese salad, Cippy? Where'd it go?) Still, I imagine I'll frequent Heidi's for the mac and cheese alone. And, of course, they have a lovely selection of both wines and beers, to suit most any drinker.  Did I mention the friendly service? There's that. And I swear the owner/manager(?) looks like Heidi Klum's older sister. Hence the name?  Yeah, find me there early on a weeknight and we'll get happy. I'll just make sure to eat my greens at lunch.	1
Great food, great service! Mac and cheese, so good. Tacos, great too. I dont usually order desert but the date pudding is well worth it. Very small place, dont bring a party of more than 3, ideal for 2 people.	1
Delicious: Mac n cheese with bacon Paella Not Delicious: Mac n cheese with bacon is VERY oily. Beware.  Miscellaneous: Nice, small spot in the UES.  Open late.  Great for a romantic night out.	1
Recently came here and this place is amazing. It's run by a husband and his wife, Heidi. The place itself is very small so it would be smart to arrive early to make sure you can get a seat- it seemed to fill up with locals and regulars as soon as the doors opened at 5pm. My friend and I started with hummus and bruschetta- both amazing, I was tempted to order more hummus but decided to have some self control! For entrees, I got the lobster Mac and cheese which while it was heavy, it was delicious; my friend got the fish tacos, which I tried and they were perfect in every way. For dessert, we got the chocolate soufflé and it was so amazing.. I can't even begin to describe how good it was. Overall, Heidi's house was definately a success. It's a gem in the UES and I can't wait to go back.	1
Cute little place in the upper east side.  Arrived around 8:30pm on a stormy Monday night and the place was still packed, luckily there was a corner table available, my guess is that the place seats about 30 people max.  Ordered the shrimp bruschetta and shrimp tacos - the bruschetta was delicious with just enough cheese and topped off with figs.  Shrimp tacos were the perfect portion size - 3 mini flour tortilla but stuffed to the max.  My friend ordered the chicken special and liked that as well.  We also had a bottle of wine - good thing about the wine here is that it is not marked up, spent $25 on a bottle of montepulciano.  Cute, cozy and yummy.	1
Tiny, Tasty, Terrific Tacos Love it.	1
The baked mac and cheese with lobster was perfect, as was the date pudding and the chocolate souffle. I need to try more but it looks like everything on the menu is great! There isn't a whole lot of space but the ambiance comforting if you do get a seat.	1
amazing mac and cheese and the thai beef salad is also amazing.  My good friend lives around the corner from this place and I couldn't believe she was holding out on this gem.  Our server was from Denmark, which I loved.  Europeans have a very relaxed way of serving which I actually enjoy.  I hate to be rushed to eat.  Otherwise why the hell would you go out to eat.....if you are in a rush go to McDonald's.  Well, this was not our experience here.  I was able to enjoy a few glasses of wine and some great food and even better company.  Thank you I will most certainly make a point of coming here again.	1
Heidi's house is my favorite restaurant in the UES, and one of my favorites in the whole city. Heidi and her staff are always friendly and helpful, the food is delicious (especially the specials which change daily), the atmosphere is warm and comfortable. No complaints. One note-- Heidi's House is tiny. Great for two people, sometimes okay for 3-4, but nothing over that.	1
Tiny joint, crammed with big flavors and a lively vibe. Paella is delicious here. Grab a seat wherever you can, and enjoy a hearty meal.	1
Love this place! cute little bar/restaurant that has impressive beer and wine list, and  scrumptulescent food. Even the mac and cheese is perfected! they do a great job of rotating new creations on the menu. has become a frequent go to in our neighboorhood :)	1
Lovely, cozy. I feel home at this place. Great food!	1
Excellent place to go, very good food!!! I had a paella was very good. Although the place is a bit small, the atmosphere of the place is nice, the owner is really nice and helpful. The menu is not extensive	1
cozy comfy unassuming excellent food and normal portions. had a great pear cider	1
I rarely feel like restaurants on the Upper East Side have much character or charm, but Heidi's House was pretty adorable. It was tiny and quaint, and felt like eating in someone's cottage. (I think someone said this already, but there is just no better way to describe it!) The food was homey and delicious, but was also creative enough to still feel interesting.  Given its yelp classification as a tapas bar, we went expecting small plates and were initially annoyed and confused to see a list of items hovering in the $15 to $20 range, as that seemed awfully high for a little nibble. It turned out, though, that none of the plates, including the "snacks," were in any way small and that we ended up with an abundance of tasty food. The final tab still seemed a little high, but we could have easily gotten by with less food. We shared several things, including the crab dip and the baked mac and cheese which were both homey and delicious. The mac and cheese was obviously made without the "help" of processed cheese, and had a great crust on the top. The tuna tartar with grapefruit was fresh and tasty, although I would have preferred it with something more delicate than the thick slices of bread it was served with. The paella was also very flavorful and full of seafood, but it would've been even better if it had had a crispy, socarrat crust. I'm not a desert person at all, but I am still dreaming about the date pudding which, like the menu advertises, was neither date-like nor a traditional pudding, but rather a rich, gooey, caramelly bread-pudding.  I think I need to go back at least once to see if I truly love it, but for now I'm definitely a fan.	1
love it!! one of the best restaurants I've had in NYC so far	1
Tasty food, cozy atmosphere and a very small menu.  This is absolutely my kind of place. The entire place probably can accomodate only about 12-14 people at very small tables, and maybe another 10-12 people at the bar at max. The menu is extremely small but every dish that we ordered was delicious. We tried shrimp tacos, paella, Spicy crab cakes and a fish dish. And we also tried both desserts: date pudding and the chocolate souffle. The date pudding was delicious. The souffle was a bit too well done and a bit too chocolaty for my taste but it was a delight to find a restaurant that takes the takes the trouble to make a "proper" souffle.  The prices are a wee bit on the high end for a restaurant of this size. But then again its well worth the visit.	1
Enjoyed my meal at this cozy little Upper East Side eatery, but wasn't as blown away by the mac and cheese as most reviewers were.  My visit occurred on a Friday evening around 7pm.  My wife and I were lucky to get the final table (there are only around 6 tables in the entire restaurant, and most of them only seat 2 people).  When I describe the place as cozy, I really mean cramped, but there is such a nice, friendly old-school family-owned atmosphere that it makes me want to describe it in the friendliest of terms.  We ordered the bruschetta appetizer which was DELICIOUS (<a href="/redir?url=https%3A%2F%2Fplus.google.com%2Fphotos%2F106561759241090505903%2Falbums%2Fposts%2F5653104664434821282&amp;s=f9c9078585e72d118b32423c4ae98f30e971de75a398f594f6592d1b935acdaa" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">plus.google.com/photos/1…</a>) - the tomatoes were ridiculously flavorful and the melted mozzarella was delicious. For dinner, each of us ordered mac and cheese. I ordered mine with bacon and it arrived correctly. My wife ordered hers plain, and she received it with lobster. Since she actually likes lobster, we didn't send it back (and it was a value-add, since lobster typically costs $5 to add in).  I desperately wanted to fall in love with the mac and cheese, but the cheese on top was too crusty (<a href="/redir?url=https%3A%2F%2Fplus.google.com%2Fphotos%2F106561759241090505903%2Falbums%2Fposts%2F5653154059851754834&amp;s=57c34e60af75692959529798751f8d44d1568149ebf42b9368fe26e0e4b83ffe" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">plus.google.com/photos/1…</a>) and the cheese under the crust was too watery, Also, the pasta noodles were spirals instead of elbows which threw me off.  The bacon that was mixed in was absolutely DELICIOUS and was a perfect consistency - not too chewy and not too crisp. My wife's lobster mac and cheese had a similar "too crusty on top, too watery in the middle" problem. The lobster was tasty, but the quality of the lobster can't hold a candle to Luke's Lobster around the corner.  The service was extremely friendly, but definitely laid back. Even though they have EXTREMELY limited space, they're not rushing anyone in and out.  There was a fairly robust wine list as far as I could tell, especially since they had two different rieslings by the glass (my wife's favorite).  I was disappointed they didn't have any beer on tap, and settled for a bottle of Coney Island Lager in a bottle. They did have a pretty good selection of bottled beers, ranging in price from $6-$12.  From what I've heard, the deserts are tasty, but I was too full to try one.  Overall, I plan on visiting again, but most likely a couple of times a year - not weekly or even monthly.	1
This is one of those restaurants that you might only ever find in New York. Tiny restaurant, almost a hole in the wall, with a relatively small menu, and tons of character. I've only been here once, but form what I gather you're fairly likely to have a wait. Once you give your name and number to the host, make your way to a bar around the corner and hang out until your table is ready. Good times. They have a standard menu and then specials written on the chalkboard. I had the pork chop special, which was very well prepared and served over spinach and polenta. Simple and excellent. My friend had a cheeseburger that was very good, the star of the burger, however, were the tomatoes. They were sweet and flavorful, bright red, and definitely tasted fresh. Especially impressive considering this meal happened in the middle of January. Definitely not the place to go if you have a big group, but it simply can't be beat for a delicious and intimate dinner.	1
A small, very neighborhood-friendly, mixed-cuisine wine bar. We got the mac &amp; cheese with lobster. Eat it fast while it's hot (in my experience, only Boston Market has mac &amp; cheese that stays buttery after sitting around. Tell me if I'm wrong). We also ordered the paella. Note: the socarrat of the mac &amp; cheese was more defined than in the paella (which is plated, so it probably didn't have much time to develop a crust). The paella wasn't that great because the seafood and chorizo were overcooked. The chocolate souffle had been called "the best" in NY, but it's really just a a super rich molten chocolate lava cake; you need to share this. If you want a warm happy place to hang out after work, this is good. But after 8pm, you'll have to wait outside for seats.	1
It's small and AMAZING. I've held off writing a review because I don't want it any more crowded than it already is but the shrimp tacos are TO DIE FOR!!!!! I've had such lame fish tacos recently that it's inspired me to really applaud the best place IN THE WORLD.	1
Hanging out in the UES? Looking for amazing (local fare, organic) food? Are in a party of 2-3 people? Head over to Heidi's. While the wait may be an issue during the weekend nights, it'll be worth dropping your number and heading to a local bar to wait.  Everything coming out of that kitchen smells and looks (and tastes!) fresh and delicious. The ambiance is that of a quaint New England beach home, the staff friendly and helpful.  We split the shrimp tacos and guacamole appetizers to start, and shared the octopus salad as main. All amazing and healthy. Take my advice and end your night with their ridiculously good date pudding.  I'm coming back here for the burger - looked outrageous.	1
Came here once with my boyfriend. I LOVED this place. The atmosphere is cute - small and dark, and they have board games. The wine was completely delicious, although very overpriced ($14/glass!). We ordered a mixed fish pasta dish - one of fish listed was missing, one of the fish was not fresh, the rest of was fine. I would come back for wine after dinner, probably not the food.	1
My experience here was fantastic. My friend and I had to wait for 2 seats at the bar. The restaurant is really small and cozy. I started with chips and guac for appetizer. It was delicious and they even refilled our chips because there was so much guac left over (a rarity!) I got a rack of lamb which was one of their specials that night. It was sooo good. Cooked perfectly in a delicious savory tomato sauce. I will definitely come back!	1
Heidi's House always come up when searching for a good place to eat on the UES, but for some reason I always passed over it. However, it is certainly worth a try.  The restaurant is tiny, maybe seats 25 people between small tables and the bar. The ambiance is cozy. It is usually crowded and they don't take reservations. Although, they will take your phone number and call you when a table is ready, since there is absolutely no place to wait other than the sidewalk. If you don't want to wait, I recommend trying it on the early or late side and maybe you'll get lucky! The service is good. The server never rushes you even with people waiting for tables.  They have both a good wine and beer list. Everything I've had from here is simple, good, comfort food. They usually have a pasta of the day. The crab dip and mac n cheese are definite winners.	1
This wine bar/bistro has terrific food and drinks! Good wine and service. The pasta was delicious, as was the paella. *It's VERY small, like 6 tables &amp; 12 bar seats. Its not good for a group, and if you're not good with maybe sitting at the bar, it won't be fun. But it's cozy,lovely, and friendly.	1
My fiance and I just went here during the polar vortex and it was wonderful.  Call ahead to try and get a table and be prepared to get cozy.  You can't go here with more than 2 people because there is only one table that seats 4 people.  Delicious delicious food and great atmosphere!	1
Well isn't this just a little hidden gem on the UES! I went after work on a Thursday &amp; had read enough reviews beforehand to know what I was getting into. Surprisingly, as tiny as the place is, it looked less like a shack than I was expecting. By 5:15pm, the place was already half filled &amp; by 7:30pm it was packed. There's seating at the bar, plus a few smaller high-tops along the wall, so it's the perfect spot to grab a drink (or 3) with a friend.  I split a bottle of Cotes du Rhone &amp; the guacamole, both hit the spot. The chef is hidden behind a sliding door, so it was endearing to catch a glimpse of him freshly making everything. I'm still baffled by the guacamole as it was completely green (where were the tomatoes &amp; onions?), but I was too busy racing to the finish to spend more time pondering. Top 3 guacamoles I've had. I promised myself that next time I go, which will be soon, I'm unabashedly indulging in the lobster mac &amp; cheese.	1
Thier guacamole is amazing! I loved the atmosphere and the food was delicious! Very kind waitress and great call ahead feature.	1
My favorite place in the neighborhood.  Never had a bad meal there and all my friends who went there left happy campers.  My favorites are shrimp tacos and the date pudding (I am not even a dessert person), both to die for! If they have gnocchi on the menu, do order it! It's the best gnocchi I have had, melt in the mouth (it's not on the regular menu, was the pasta special last time I was there).  It's what a good neighborhood place should be - good food and friendly service (Freddy is awesome).	1
Tiny. Shrimp tacos good. Mac &amp; cheese overrated (not cheesy enough). Burger tasty. Date pudding is fucking amazing. GET THIS.	1
I visited NYC for 2 days.  Landed at 10:00 pm, did not get into the city until 11:00 pm.  My wife took the train from Baltimore, she met me at 11:45.  We were worried it would be hard to get a good meal after 12 on the Upper East Side.  WRONG. This is the world record holder for deliciousness-per-square-foot.  Sure it is small, and sure it may be slow if busy because one man does it all in the back of the house, but who cares?  Grab a beer or wine and enjoy the company. My wife posted her review right after we ate, and I concur with everything she said.  (See Kate O. below)  Heidi is a genuine person, and our conversation was almost the same we would have with a dear friend because she listens, jokes, and talks some shit!  We both commented on her wonderful personality after, and felt in some wired way that we had  a new friend, and I am not a warm and fuzzy person to begin with.  Plus, it is great story that she and her husband just decided to open this place up because it was her dream.  She came from a professorial background and had no restaurant experience before this place.   (She is from Minnesota I think, sorry Heidi you should not have kept re-filling my wife and I's glasses at 2:00 am or else I would remember!)   If I could FedEx her Vietnamese Beef Salad to San Diego I would do it. Go because the food is that damn good - in my top 25 meals of my life.  I am 36, so that is a lot of meals. Go because Heidi is the type of person who deserves support - she is taking an chance on her dream and she is killing it with this spot. Go because you know you want the Vietnamese Beef Salad and mac n' cheese. Go because you will have to talk to strangers, and will realize after that you should do it more often. Go because . . . [fill in the blank yourself after you GO!]	1
For the first year or so I lived in the neighborhood, I had only walked past Heidi's House during the daytime, and didn't think much of it.  Another quaint little cafe for the Upper East Side ladies who lunch to do their thing?  With specials on the board for homey pasta dishes, so it would seem.  Then I stumbled across the reviews on Yelp, and it looked like Heidi's House might have more to offer. In an area full of ultra-chic wine bars (Uva, Pil Pil, Vero- within a 2-block radius), Heidi's House stands out as completely unpretentious and, in fact, kitschy.  The place is simply kind of weird.  It's not even ten feet wide, perpetually crowded, and decorated with such tasteful pieces of Americana as a plastic infant doll head mounted on a microscope.  The wine list is simple, yet well-chosen- I don't think there's anything significantly above $60/bottle on the menu.  And, since just about everything is available by the glass, the staff is always happy to let you try a sip before you commit. The food also stands out.  The date pudding is my favorite dessert anywhere (dangerous to have a block away from where I live)- an endlessly satisfying, butterscotch cake/pudding blob that will fill you up for days at a time.  The pasta dishes are mostly quite good, with fancy mac &amp; cheese that people seem to love, and gnocchi that's not quite as good as Uva's (not to disrespect Heidi or her House, but the black truffle gnocchi at Uva is a tough act to follow).  Cheese and charcuterie options are pretty solid, too. Go there hungry, thirsty, and social.  You'll likely have to wait a few minutes for a table, so you'll be crammed somewhere in a corner or sharing a table temporarily.  It's a notably communal atmosphere, with people tending to be very willing (by NYC standards) to reorganize the seating of their parties to accomodate those around them.  I love to see places like this flourish, as it makes the Upper East Side a little bit more livable and less sterile for its residents.	1
Fantastic. If you can get in. It's tiny--maybe only 20 people can eat there at a time, so get ready for a 1 hour wait minimum on weekends.  But you'll have an experience you'll remember for years. Intimate setting, warm atmosphere, personalize service from Heidi (make sure you talk to her!), and a simple menu to choose from that keeps things from getting complicated. We had the specials hangar steak and gnocchi, but were drooling at every dish our fellow dining companions ordered, too.  My advice--go on a mon/ tues night when you can get Heidi to yourself. Enjoy...	1
What a cute little spot on the UES!! From start to finish, this cozy tapas place has got it goin' on! Don't pass on the tartar or the lobster mac...Amazing! And Heidi even serves you with a smile! Oh, and incredible prices on the wine! Yay Heidi! Oh, and hats off to Freddie-- the fantastic multitasking man behind the bar! A+ guys! P.S. I will now assume I'm Heidi's BFF...	1
Gluten-free mac option!  With lobster too!!!  Even without the good wines and nicely balanced steak salad we shared as well, this place is top on my list. It's tiny; great for 2 people, only one spot for 3 or 4.   It's eclectic; Japanese rice doors section off the kitchen, while it seems a Mexican artisan must have made the large mirror that sits behind the bar.   It's so worth the wait for a seat; downtown charm has moved into the neighborhood.	1
I was here this past Friday for dessert and wine. I had the chance to taste the 2 desserts -the chocolate souffle and the date pudding- and they were both amazingly rich.... almost a meal themselves! I especially loved the date pudding. They have an amazing list of wines available by the glass, which I found very convenient. The vibe is very laid back and friendly. We went without reservation and had to wait almost an hour, but it was worth. The food looked good, too. If you are planning to go on a weekend night, go early, otherwise you'll have to wait... The place is tiny and has only a handful of tables (maybe even fewer).	1
Cozy, cute, tiny restaurant tucked away on the side of a street.  Great food, amazing date pudding, and eclectic selection of drinks.  Long waits of 1h+ on a Fri night with lingering diners, so call ahead and put your name on a list for the evening. 1.  Food: Shrimp tacos, seafood + bacon paella, and date pudding.  Dishes were small, but so well flavored.  Large juicy shrimps lovingly spiced and garnished with a dash of herbs in toasted soft-shell tacos.  Juicy paella with lobster, scallops, thick slabs of bacon, and... the only food con so far, the hardest and toughest chorizos ever.  Date pudding, wow.  Perfectly toasted and crispy on the rim, moist velvety richness on the inside, with a caramely sauce drizzled about, and freshly made whipped cream.  Delicious.  I will one day come just for this dish, by myself. 2.  Service: the host was quite personable, and understanding about the long wait times.  Waited overall 1h 45m for the table, and placed our order before we sat.  Dishes take about thirty minutes or more to cook, so plan accordingly. 3.  Ambiance: Dimly lit, tightly packed with bar seating and a few tables.  Brick wall with shelves stocked with wine.  Cozy, cute gem, but quite loud.  Couples and dates abound.	1
Been here twice. Excellent friendly service from Heidi.  The food does not disappoint, but the specials are a bit pricey. They do not take reservations per se, but you can call ahead.  I enjoy sitting at the bar.	1
Heidi's House is a cute little restaurant/bar owned and operated by Heidi herself. Its' homey feel puts you at ease--that is until the crowds start rolling in and it becomes PACKED. A tiny joint like this can't handle more than 50 people, that's for sure.  The food is good though. I had the crab dip (amazing, very cheesy), the shrimp tacos (just OK-a bit bland) and the lobster mac-n-cheese (divine, although hyped up by fellow Yelpers) Prices are reasonable. Heidi's House is def worth checking out if you're in the area.	1
There are very few good places to eat in the UES, not to mention great places- which Heidi's House most certainly is. The location and menu are both small, but everything they do (both with the physical space and food) they do very well. The shrimp tacos, tartare, and paella are all incredible and the nightly pasta dishes are always wonderful as well. Unlike many great restaurants in the city, which compromise bad service for good food, the host, wait staff, and Heidi are kind and more accommodating than necessary.	1
Great place! Went here last week and had a fabulous meal in very nice atmosphere. We had the mac and cheese, which was delicious and not greasy like some places.  We also tried the bread pudding for dessert which was phenomenal!   I would definitely recommend trying this place out, but be sure to give yourself a lot of time. They don't take reservations and the place is very small so that wait is usually long.  Also it seems like all meals are made to order so give yourself time for dinner as well, this is not the place to grab a quick bite to eat... but worth a try if you love a good mac and cheese and have some time.	1
This was my 2nd time here and guess what,,,, I AM STILL IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE!!!!!!!  So this time I switched it up a bit, I had the Tuna Tar Tar, and it was mmmm mmm good ...really very refreshing on a hot day, the grapefruit is a nice touch....  Guacamole was simple and delicious, I ordered it extra spicy, so it was loaded with jalapeno..  And of course I ordered the Mac &amp; cheese with chorizo, its WONDERFUL. If its your first time eating here THE MAC &amp; CHEESE IS A MUST!!!!!!!!! And for desert the Date Pudding, it was wonderful, but i must say the chocolate soufflé stole my heart....  I LOVE YOU "HEIDIS HOUSE BY THE SIDE OF THE ROAD"... IF I HAD TO PICK WHERE I WOULD EAT MY LAST MEAL ON EARTH..THIS WOULD BE IT... WHAT CAN I SAY .. IM JUST A GIRL IN LOVE... "with Heidi's"	1
Food: ~Lobster mac and cheese (5 stars): I don't usually get mac and cheese, but we had to try this, and it was totally worth it!  Made to order, it was baked and had a wonderful cheesy crust on top and was perfectly smooth without being watery on the inside.  Lobster chunks were fresh (just a tad sweet). ~Paella (4 stars): this was a special.  Rice was actually soft!  Lots of flavor and came with a LOT of seafood.  Some of the seafood was a tad overcooked (shrimp), but the scallops were just right. ~Hanger steak (4 stars): had to return to the kitchen because it was more medium than medium-rare, but when it came back, it was indeed medium-rare.  Good texture with a just slightly sweet mushroom sauce. ~Bread pudding (5 stars): not too sweet, with a perfect combination of crispy crust and soft interior. Wine: great selection.  Knowledgable staff. Wait time: seated immediately for 3 at 8pm on a weekday night.  Place was pretty full though (I think we took the last table).  Wouldn't recommend coming with more than 4 people, and not on a weekend unless you come early.  Food came out at a moderate pace. Highly recommend!	1
Been to Heidi's house a few times now and am equally glad every time. Such a nice vibe in this little place and the food is delicious. Shrimp tacos, Chorizo Mac and cheese, and most importantly the bombest paella ever. Expect to wait and go with one other person preferably bc it's tiny. Oh ya huge wine glasses.	1
Wife and I showed at about 6:30 on a Tuesday night, sat immediately.  We both had the paella special, which was delightful.  The chorizo and shrimp had a hearty char on them, which I liked quite a bit - the chorizo seemed overcooked, but tasted great.  Be advised that daily specials are on the chalkboard outside, and add to the short menu.  To drink, I had a glass of sauvignon blanc, which was worth its cost.  They have a nice beer and wine list (note: no spirits).  The list is not the tome you would get at a pretentious steakhouse, but who wants that? Get here early, as the place is TINY.  The service was iffy, though I don't blame the server - he was covering the whole joint, including the bar.  The owner, strangely, was taking up a bar seat chatting with friends.  If it were 11:00 at night, okay.  But an hour and a half into service?  And taking up a seat?  Odd. We'll be back, as the food was delicious, and it's a cute place.  But I'm not bowled over.	1
Heidi's House is a cozy place with a nice selection of beer and the best mac and cheese. I ate there after a trip to Museum row, and I can hardly wait to go back.	1
Heidi's House is a wonderful combination of a warm and cozy atmosphere, delicious food, and a wide selection of craft beers and a perfect-sized wine list. Heidi and her husband, along with everyone else who works here, are full of recommendations as to food and drink and warmly offer you a little sip if you aren't sure about something.  While the illustrious mac-and-cheese is an unbeatable choice, definitely also give the shrimp tacos a try. While your at it, stay a while and play trivial pursuit if you have enough room!	1
umm... this place is horrible.. don't come here. ever. actually, that's a LIE--i just want to ensure there's always an empty spot for me at the bar. it's quaint, has a great wine list (a nice selection of bottled beer as well), great food (per my friends, that is. though i did try the date pudding and it was simply amazing), and pleasant/friendly owners (heidi's great). this place is not trendy and pretentious, so if that's your scene, you won't like it here. otherwise, you'll LOVEEEEE it. I LIKEY.	1
My favorite spot on the ues!! Must try! amazing food and amazing people... Love this place.	1
My neighborhood favorite. What a gem of a place! Everything I've tried here is excellent. And prices are reasonable enough to go often, which I do (though in general I don't try the same restaurant twice - it's NYC after all! but this is an exception).  I especially love the shrimp tacos, the paella (which doesn't taste like traditional paella but comes with such a good amount of seafood, it gives me a very tasty protein fix!) and the date pudding.  It's a small place and they don't take reservations, so you will probably have to wait for a table. But they will take your phone number and call you which is fair. So happy to have this newish addition in the nabe!	1
A great little gem! Small and cozy. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable of their vino. The food? PHENOMENAL  try the guacamole!	1
We like to go there for Sunday brunch. It's right in the area and a good place to go to. Usually fun environment and good food.	1
Great for intimate romantic dates! Tiny place but is clearly popular among the local residents of UES. They also were playing jazz music on a background last night. What a lovely place!	1
Delicious food &amp; wine, cozy atmosphere, warm &amp; welcoming staff/owners...it's not to be beat!  We came here on a whim, celebrating an anniversary, and wound up having a super time. It wasn't too spendy for a rather penny-pinching time of the month, but it still felt special enough for a celebration! Must recommend the shrimp tacos - totally delectable &amp; the French Sauvignon Blanc. We will definitely be back &amp; while we really want to give this 5 star review, we don't want the place to be too full...so space out the visits everyone, OK? :-)	1
This place is small, be forewarned.  If you can get a table on the wall do so, while getting a seat at the bar might seem like a good idea, it won't be later when you are literally shoulder to shoulder with everyone else sitting there. This wine bar is about as unpretentious as possible.  Read the name again, cause it is exactly what you are going to get. You walk in and it looks like someone's home.  My first impression when looking around was that I had just stepped out of Manhattan and walked into one of those home restaurant type makeshift businesses you sometimes encounter when out in the countryside.  If you didn't know any better you would think Heidi's bedroom would be connected to this area some way. Heidi herself is very "up front" and loud.  I don't mean scream at the top of your lungs loud but if she has something to say you will be sure to hear it.  This works though, in this establishment anyway.  Think back to my previous paragraph. She is very welcoming and accommodating. They have a selection of beers on tap, though I had none. I did partake in the vino drinking though.  She allows you to taste any wine you might be interested in which is really great.  I had the two tempranillo's which were both good and my friend had a french wine, also tasty.  I just happen to love Spanish wines though :P. We had the hummus and guacamole to snack on and they were both really good.  Apparently we were committing a sin by not ordering the tartar as per Heidi though, perhaps next time. After the aforementioned food we wound up getting a mac and cheese to boot, just the original version, nothing added.  It was really good.  Every last bit was consumed.  It was not dry, had good flavor, the mac was not overcooked, I would definitely order this again.  Absolute Yum in a bowl. I'd caution anyone trying to show up with anymore then two people past 7 or 7:30, but otherwise this is a new favorite spot to sit and relax so long as I get one of those tables.	1
I went here with a friend who lives nearby. She is allergic to seafood &amp; I don't eat meat so mac &amp; cheese is what we do :)  the food was great, we loved it. There was 1 problem thought and it was a big one. I had the lobster mac and she started to have an allergic reaction from her shellfish less version, OK ... that tells me the cook used the same utensil for both meals. Bad, bad, bad. they could have killed her. Other than that everything was great.	1
This place was absolutely great. A cute little date spot with good wine and good food.  The only down side is that it is very small and hard to get into. But the waitstaff was more than accommodating and let us put our name down and gave us a call when our table was ready. I would highly recommend!	1
I went to Heidi's last night for an anniversary date, and it was a wonderful, lovely, and thoroughly enjoyable evening. They don't take reservations, but you can always call ahead of time to get on the waiting list for a table. Amazing customer service here, I felt like I was a guest in someone's adorable (albeit small) kitchen. Though space is limited, I think Heidi's has captured the magic of being cozy and crowded without being loud. The wine and beer list is great, and the food was absolute perfection. The pasta special last night was a gnocchi with shitake mushrooms and asparagus. It was a beautiful plate of food, with just the right amount of richness and bursting with flavor. I can't wait to come back here again, whether it's for another special date or just a night for some wine, friends, and good times.	1
This place is great! Small, cozy and a friendly staff. The food is ever better. My friend and I had the shrimp tacos ( 3 pieces but generous with the shrimps), the bruchetta (crunchy with fresh cherry tomatoes on top..not your typical bruchetta..really good), and the mac and cheese w/ bacon ( cheesy w/ a nice touch of saltiness from the bacon).  All were given great reviews from this site. And for dessert, we had to try the date pudding...the icing on the cake! Highly recommend this place for catch up with a friend or two or a romantic date night. Will come back to try the other food on the menu.	1
Was wandering around in my hood and happened to see this spot out of the corner of my eye. I peeked in through the window and saw a very cozy looking bar/restaurant with muted colors and decorated with a handful of tables and stools.  Absolutely loved what I saw so my friend and I entered to check it out some more.  Much to our delight we were greeted by the owner who welcomed us warmly and boasted about the delicious food and wine.  Of course we had to take a seat after all that enthusiasm. While we wait for our small plates of food (hummus &amp; warm pita, and Mac &amp; cheese) we are sampling wine from their decently sized collection.  The homey atmosphere, friendliness, and good conversation makes me think I found my new neighborhood spot! Will have to update after eating!	1
Came here for the macaroni and cheese. VERY, VERY good. Best I have ever had? hmmm...not sure. But it's up there. Cute place, great ambiance. Very friendly owner. Place was empty on a Sunday evening which was nice. Highly recommend.	1
I like this place a lot. In the wasteland of mediocrity that is the Upper East Side, places like this stand out. The appetizers were great. The wine was good and cheap. They fucked up my steak really badly... overcooked all the taste out of it. But they gave me a $7 discount for it, and a coupon for a free dessert. Very friendly people. Will definitely go back.  I wish they would fix the lighting tho. Its too bright to be romantic.	1
My boyfriend and I went here for the first time for a late dinner and weren't sure what beer to order but the waiter listened to us just describe what taste we liked and made a recommendation -- very tasty! The guac and hummus apps are simple yet delicious and satisfying. At the end, the restaurant owner gave us a complimentary dessert, a date chocolate tart, which nearly shocked us both by how smooth and tasty it was. One of the best desserts I've ever had (seriously). Despite the small size, Heidi's doesn't seem cramped, and even when things are busy, the staff is chilled out and very friendly. If there is one place to de-stress after traveling or just a long day at work, it is Heidi's.	1
OMGoodness!  Yes, GOODNESS!  this place is A-MAZING!  we started with the shrimp tacos and the guac.  HELLO!  everything was exceptional...then came the magnificent MAC 'n CHEESE!  holy moly.  as if that wasnt enough, the chocolate souffle.  oh my, yes.  the chocolate souffle.  i haven't had a meal this good...EVER!  def try heidi's house.  and when you do, please send our regards to heidi and freddie :)	1
Awesome place!	1
The girlfriend and I loved this place. The list of foods we had is as follows: beef tartare (special). A bit too citrusy, but not overwhelming. The beef could've been chopped a bit finer, but it was good, none the less. On the lighter side, tossed with lemon or lime juice instead of being bound by egg yolk. The garlic croustini they served with it though was delicious. Mix in a simple arugula salad and it made the dish. Next the crab dip, which I think was our favorite. The crab was thick and rich, accompanied by homemade tortilla chips and fresh veggies. I loved that they both give you the chips and fresh veggies, because not only does it make you feel a bit less guilty from consuming all the richness of the food, but the texture and flavor profiles both vessels create, gives for a satisfying meal. The chip; crunchy, rich and the veggies; crisp, flavorul. Finally the paella. At first, I was a bit hesitant. Seeing pictures of the food here on yelp prior to coming in, gave me doubts. I know traditionally, paella is a layered dish. All ingredients being added methodically, and precisely incorporated into the dish along the cooking process. The pictures on yelp looked to me like the rice and the seafood/sausage ingredients were cooked separately. By the time it arrived and I had my first sniff and taste, it didn't matter. The flavors were astounding! The rice had great texture and seasoned well. And the protein ingredients were absolutely dead on. Very hearty, very vibrant. And the wines. It made it a fun dining experience. Being able to pick out from a plethora of wines by the glass so to pair with your food, so to explore and taste by themselves, made you feel like you were a guest in someone's house... Heidi's, might as well be. Laid back, cozy, and welcoming. All makes for a great, satisfying night out, dining with, in this instance, my girlfriend. We'll sure be coming back again. And this time, saving room for dessert.	1
I adore this place. The food is amazing. It's a small menu, but everything the do, they do wonderfully. The service is great, very helpful with the wine list and usually let you try the wine before they pour. It is a small place, so anything more than 4 people would be difficult during busy times.	1
great little hole in the wall, plenty of drinks to chose from	1
Very charming little restaurant with a warm and friendly vibe. I came here for dinner with a friend and we both loved it. The lobster mac and cheese did not disappoint, and the shrimp tacos were as good as all the reviews said they were. The bartender was pleasant and helpful and let us try practically every wine on the menu. Thank you for that! And Heidi is adorable. If you're looking for a cozy spot to grab a drink or have dinner for two, this is your place. Bear in mind, this place is tiny, so you may want to limit your party size.	1
Just went here last night and loved it.   It seems like the majority of restaurants on the Upper East Side are either super fancy or have a very collegiate atmosphere, but Heidi's House stands out from the pack with its cozy feel and charming decor.  The restaurant is tiny, but the service is great and it has a laid back, neighborhood vibe with board games available on the book shelf at the front. The food is also delicious and reasonably priced.  We split the guacamole and mac and cheese between two people and it was more than enough food for each of us.  The guac was one of the best I've had in the city, which means a lot coming from a Texan!  Sadly, we were too full for dessert, but the chocolate souffle looked and smelled amazing as well.   I will definitely be back to show off to my friends who scoff at the restaurant and bar options in the UES!	1
Everything people say is true. If you want a different, delicious, interesting meal this is it.	1
Great place! Hidden gem right next to a killer bakery on 78th -- great atmosphere and drink selection (small and intimate without being overdone, and I had a great hard cider reasonably priced at 6$) my only issue was no air conditioning on a hot summer day, a bit uncomfortable!	1
FINALLY were able to get a table at Heidi's, after walking by a packed house for months, disappointed.  We had some fun and will return (if there is ever another table open!)   The tuna tartare appetizer was nice and rather large in portion size.  The tuna may not have been the absolute best I've ever eaten (and I've eaten a LOT of sushi grade tuna), but it seemed fresh enough and paired well with its accompaniments on the plate.  Then we tried the two pasta specials of the day: lobster and asparagus gnocci, and fettuchini with lamb ragout.  Both were flavorful, the lamb in particular.  The gnocci was an interesting "home cooking" take on gnocci, as they were more like mashed potato puffs than a potato pasta.  But good nonetheless. Most interestingly, the beer selection is really incredible.  Yes, the wines were good too, but others have already commented on the wine.  We were pleasantly surprised at the unique selections of bottled beers and the indepth knowledge of the bartender (who was actually off-duty, but still willing to help us at the request of our waitress).  A great place to try a beer that's a little different, be served by friendly people, and enjoy some home cooking while you're there!	1
Quaint owner/chef restaurant tucked away off 2nd Ave on the UES. Love the guacamole and the spicy crab cakes! (Crabmeat with every bite!) Especially loved the fennel/orange/mango salad! Perfect to cut the fat of the crab cakes and for a summer day! Those two dishes really would have been enough because the guacamole portion was substantial. However, we also had the snapper which was a solid wrap for the evening. Very friendly service. Next time, we'll definitely try the lobster mac and cheese. Overall, a nice quiet unassuming place for a weekday dinner.	1
A teensy tapas spot with wonderful, warm service. It's like you walked into someone's tiny living room and they cooked you dinner in their little kitchen. A bit of a wait but definitely worth it. I would say a great place to take your friends to share the experience, but your odds of getting a seat are much better if you came with one dining companion instead of three or four. The paella was delicious and loaded with generous portions of lobster, shrimp and scallops. Also interesting - while I didn't try them, I noticed there were quite a few entrees and drinks that were gluten-free on the menu.	1
Teensy place with the most delicious shrimp tacos and date pudding! Its all the way in the UES, but I wouldnt mind treakking there for the food..	1
This place is a gem. Was the first enjoyable meal I had in the Upper East Side and I can honestly say it's one of my favorite places in NYC. The ambiance is great... quaint, dark, and slightly quirky. The staff are incredibly friendly and attentive. They have a relatively small menu, but everything I have tried has been delicious, especially the mac and cheese. The only downside is the size... if you get there at the wrong time, you could be waiting a long time. Only a bar and 4 tables (3 of which are for two). I definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a delicious meal, especially if you're in the Upper East Side.	1
Red Snapper special was one of the best dishes I've ever had and the burgers, paella, and shrimp salad were outstanding as well. This place is a gem	1
I have nothing but love for this place. Heidi's House is absolutely charming. It's tiny and quaint. Everything about it makes it feel like you're in someone's home. Heidi herself is very engaging with the customers and the rest of the staff is very sweet.  The wines are a GREAT value. This is the most affordable wine bar I've been to. $8 for a glass of great wine? Hard to find in the city, but it's at Heidi's!	1
Brought some family here for a chill evening of food and wine. It's a cozy spot and probably the best chocolate souffle I've ever had in my dining life. I think this place is also considered a great 1st or 2nd date place. Go!	1
This place is tiny, intimate, and a hidden gem on the UES.  We almost walked right by it. It was Monday (president's day) night and had no problem getting a table. The food was a little pricey, but amazing!  I had a paella craving so I had to try it, but next time I have to get the Mac &amp; cheese as it smelled soooo good. The paella was great as it had big pieces of seafood, great flavor, and ample chorizo so I highly recommend it.  Although, it is filling so think twice before ordering a soufflé for dessert.  Btw, not a bad beer selection either.	1
Everything I have ordered from this place has been amazingly delicious. I would recommend their shrimp tacos and seafood paella. The only reason why I am deducting a star is because this place is absolutely tiny. It only seats around 15 people max so you usually have to wait 15-30 minutes for a table. Even so, the service is great. The waiter who I usually see there is attentive, hard working, and courteous. They try to do as much as possible to make your dining experience pleasant.	1
Came here last night with one of my girlfriends.  I was greeted by Heidi herself.  It is a really small place, and it was quite crowded, but Heidi assured me that she would find room for my friend and I.  She did.  The wines were very reasonable, the food was a little on the high side for the portion size, but well worth it.  We had the pasta special of the day, and it was excellent. The service was also great.  Very attentive, but not in your face.  I would definitely go back!  Great neighborhood place.	1
What an amazing little restaurant / bar!  We welcomed like old friends sat at tghe bar and served brilliantly all night by Heidi.  Sharing plates were all delicious.  Gaucamole, tuna tartar and prawn tacos (excellent).  I am told deserts were good - they certianly looked good.  Wine was plentiful if not brilliant.  Atmosphere was buzzy and friendly.  A really fun evening.  One word of warning.  This restaurant is small maybe 20 covers.  Go early or you be standing in the cold for a long time.	1
Incredible, incredible, incredible service; great, fresh food; sweet, intimate atmosphere; relatively inexpensive drinks; great guacamole! love this place - will be back.	1
I finally made it into Heidi's!  Ever since I moved to the UES, I've been walking by this cute little shopfront that looked so cozy and inviting, yet mysterious at the same time. I Yelped the name (naturally) and what do you know, people are raving about this new hole-in-the-wall place that brings some downtown vibe to the relatively lacking UES. So I've walked by here so many times, stopped to peer inside, stopped to read the menu, even tried to stop to eat lunch by myself once (the front was open, the owners were inside) but was informed they don't open until 5 pm. That's cool with me, now I know. So, we finally ended up here on a whim, and it finally wasn't packed wall to wall with people. After 8 pm on a Thursday for those of you taking notes. The shopfront is very subdued, and you'd miss it if you walked by too fast (which I'm sure many people do!). A single door with some tall windows and green christmas lights wrapped around the entrance welcome you inside. They've got a white cast iron cafe table and folding chairs set up to the side, with their business cards and menu and also a chalkboard menu out front boasts their nightly special. The place is SMALL - and I know it's been said already - but it is small enough that it must be stressed. You walk right into the bar at the main entrance, which has maybe eleven bar stools from front to back. Give yourself about three feet behind your stool, and there's the bar tables lining the opposite wall. And towards the front, another table or two by the window. As cramped as it is, it is largely (hmm, no irony intended) what lends to the intimate atmosphere at Heidi's, and it didn't really bother me. Honestly, we actually made nice with the people who sat on either side of us throughout the night, because it's hard to have a good time and not include people when they're literally sitting on your lap (okay, not literally, but if you wanted it to, I'm sure your night at Heidi's could go in that direction, too). So we ordered ourselves some drinks - beer and wine only folks - and Heidi herself was kind enough to let my seriously indecisive and wine-naive friend try a million different kinds of wine before she decided on one she didn't even try. They have a unique and exciting beer selection and an extensive wine list (with a great guide to boot). Once we settled the drinks, we ordered up the main courses - tried the lamb shank and mac and cheese. The lamb shank was cooked well and mighty tasty - but I'm just not sure if it was something I would get again - and not because they didn't execute well, but maybe I'm just not a lamb shank kind of girl, and now I know that. It's really amazing what you learn about yourself living in New York City. On a cheesier note, the mac and cheese, as everyone raves about, was to die for and I will go back just to have my own plate of it. Mission.  Possible. Atmosphere: No TV. Dim lighting. Jazz music. Rustic decor and homemade signage. Intimate. Romantic. Casual. As far as service goes, AAA+++. That;s right, triple A, triple plus. Talk about accommodating, friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. You immediately feel welcomed and taken care of here. And - a fun note - they've got a shelf of board games toward the front to spice things up when your conversation slows down, or you just feel like playing. Heidi walked over the shelf, hands on her hips, and scanned the shelves. She shuffled a few things around and finally found what she was looking for. She pulled a dusty box out and carried it over to the bar where her and her husband (?) were enjoying a glass of wine themselves. I couldn't help but watch, and before she did anything else with the game, she took a deck of cards out and purposefully set it on te bar in front of me. And so this is how we came to take part in an evening of Trivial Pursuit at Heidi's, which quite turned into a bar game, as the groups on either side of us couldn't help but join in as I read the questions out loud. What fun! This is exactly the kind of place that Heidi's House is. I can't wait to go back, I really can't.	1
I love Heidi's House..  The cozy feel is memorable and the food?? Delicious is an honest understatement.  It's homecooking at its very best.  We tried the shrimp tacos and the chorizo mac and cheese and we couldn't get enough.  And the homemade chips with guacomole was as authentic as it can get! The bathroom was cute and clean - love how they use actual towels to give it such a homely feel. To be able to make reservations would be nice, but I guess that's part of being a guest at Heidi's.  I would love to take a group of friends but I fear we would have to wait a really long time to sit down.  Nevertheless, highly recommended!	1
Brilliant by its sheer simplicity. You never feel cheated because her wines are sophisticated, but priced to make sure you can have as much as you can possibly consume. Food is creative and delicious. Start with Shrimp tacos and crab dip. She wins over everybody's heart because her bar is a hidden treasure in an area of NYC which lacks soul when it comes to bars. Thank you Heidi. Even the name is perfect.	1
Intimate place. Food is always great. You can tell that so much care goes into this small but excellent menu and pairings of drinks. I love it. Can be hard to sit sometimes so you may want to go outside of peak times.	1
Heidi's House is great traditional American. It's small and cozy, and the food is good quality. The appetizer was a sort of crab fondue with some nice blue corn chips and some triscuits (insert opinion here). I split a burger and an order of mac &amp; cheese with chorizo. The burger was rather tall, adorned with the usual onion, lettuce tomato, and sat on an english muffin. It was quite juicy and the meat has a nice flavor to it. The macaronic and cheese had a nice pasta to cheese ratio and the spice of the chorizo made things interesting. I was especially fond of being served it in a skillet with some hardened cheese on the top and bottom.	1
We went here a couple of weeks ago and, despite the fact that this place is teeny tiny and always has a long wait, the wait is worth it since this place is awesome! The food is delicious and the atmosphere is cozy. Great wine and beer list and delicious food. I especially LOVED the mac and cheese. Definitely a great neighborhood place.	1
I'd been meaning to try Heidi's for a long time, especially since it's only a couple of blocks from my apartment. To call it tiny would be an understatement, and every time I walked by it was totally packed solid. Even though Heidi had graciously offered to take my cell phone number and call when a table was ready, I was always too hungry to wait for one and kept putting it off for a time when luck would have me walk by to find an empty table. When Gabriel and I found a 50% off deal on Scoutmob, we just couldn't resist anymore...crowded or not, how could we pass up such a great offer? On <a href="http://Yelp.com">Yelp.com</a>, people were raving about Heidi's since it opened, with every review even better than the last. We called from my place, asked if she'd put us on the list and she obliged, telling us to come by in about half an hour. When we arrived, we'd apparently missed our name being called. We were told that they did in fact try to call us on my cell phone but when they got no answer they skipped us. When I asked to see the number they called and found they'd written it down wrong, they apologized and immediately found us the perfect little table for two. This was a great start indeed. Although it's small, it's rather cozy, especially on a chilly night. The local crowd , clearly built of quite a few loyal regulars, was totally down-to-earth, mostly in jeans and T's. I loved the comfortable atmosphere and immediately felt at home. Before I even tried the food, I proclaimed "this is my new favorite local!" excitedly. Gabriel laughed and reminded me we hadn't even ordered yet. Well, I guess I just had that much faith that it would be awesome. I'm very happy to say that my jumping-the-gun announcement was well deserved. The food was totally outstanding. We shared 3 small plates; the shrimp tacos which were made simply and perfectly cooked, the fresh guacamole with warm, homemade tortilla chips and the special gnocchi of the day; which was served with parmesan, white truffle oil and shiitake mushrooms. WOW. That last one was seriously noteworthy. The gnocchi were basically little heaps of mashed potatoes and the meaty mushrooms made this dish more than filling enough for the two of us to share. We would probably have licked the plate clean if no one had been watching. Seriously scrumptious. We had struggled in choosing it over the lobster mac and cheese which is one of their classics, but decided since that one is always on the menu we'd be able to try the much-talked-about mac next time. We also had 2 delicious glasses of wine- which were generously filled to the top in large glasses, more than reasonable at $7 each. We left Heidi's full and very pleased with our experience. The wait staff is awesome. The clientele is awesome. The overall vibe is exactly what you'd hope to find in your neighborhood local spot. We will most certainly go back soon, this time perhaps to try that famous lobster mac, the incredible looking chocolate souffle and to play one of the many board games piled high near the front door. I worry that it's often so crowded and yet another rave review will only keep adding to the number of people who have discovered this treasure, but alas, it is my culinary duty to keep you all well-informed of the gems like this one. Enjoy!	1
I first found out about Heidi's House here on Yelp. Like most mid twenty year olds, I was looking for a place with good food that wouldn't break the bank. All the reviews I read were highly accurate. The place is very small. Maybe twenty people at a time can dine in. The wait is long so get there early. And the food was great. The date pudding is a must. The staff were some of the friendliest restaurant staff I've seen in the City too making this place one of my favorite on the Upper East Side.	1
Heidi's is tiny but oh so welcoming!  Knowing about the size, I called ahead. I live around the corner so they took my number and Heidi called me personally when a table was available! I had a glass of the Cote du Rhone.  Delish and reasonably priced ($8). My friend and I shared the special, paella with shrimp, scallops, lobster, chorizo and bacon. Mouth watering. For desert, the date pudding. Everything was amazing, the service was great, and Heidi's outgoing personality really makes you feel like you're having dinner at her house. I love this place and will definitely be back!	1
Just recently discovered this tiny spot located in my neighborhood. Its the epitome of a neighborhood spot, even getting their bread from the next door bakery Orwasher's (which btw is also a great spot for fresh baked goods). Had the hummus which is homemade and amazing with the hot pita. Like most women these days, I'm obsessed with hummus and this has been my favorite fresh I've had. I will forewarn you it definitely comes with a spicy kick so be prepared! For entrees we had the skirt steak and the sausage mac and cheese. The mac was great, little greasy with the sausage but that's to be expected. Its also a large portion so worth the money.  As for Heidi, she seems to be there almost every night and was even helping to wait tables. She seems personable enough and even grabbed a dish she was in the middle of delivering to show us the size of it. Great date night spot or just a local spot to grab a glass of wine and a munchie at the bar. Definitely want to make this a regular spot for me.	1
The food here is SO GOOD. If I was just rating the food it would be an automatic 5 stars.  It looses a star because I felt like the size of the restaurant is kind of annoying. I was part of a group of 3 last night and we were uncomfortable at their largest table.  However, the atmosphere is lovely, The service is great and the wine/beer selection is varied. I love coming here and encourage you to do so as well!  Here's a tip- get the shrimp tacos and the chips &amp; guacamole and then put the guacamole inside the tacos. YUM.	1
Heidi's is awesomely amazing. It is tiny, and all the tables are tall two tops, so if you have a bigger party you need to sit at the bar. This place is sublime. We went there around 12:15 am and they were still serving food. Our food was phenomenal. We shared the Vietnamese beef salad, and let me tell you, I was not that interested in sharing it. Grass fed, perfectly cooked filet mignon, with an interesting variety of greens and a yummy tangy dressing. It was a perfect contrast to the rich and creamy mac n cheese, baked in a clay pot with crispy bacon on top. The actual Heidi was there, and she couldn't be more warm and charming. The menu is small but well executed.	1
I LOVE IT HERE!!!!! went with my bf on sat night and we had the best time. the food was amazing (crab dip with triscuits, bruscetta and DATE PUDDING!)... and heidi is the cutest person ever. we spent the whole night there talking with her and everyone else there, has such a great neighborhood feel... i feel like this is going to be my own personal Cheers!! I am so excited to go back.	1
The food is good and the prices are decent, but when Heidi is working, you are only appreciated as long as you order another glass of wine... She is pushy and can be harsh on customers.  The atmosphere is great (nice background music) and you will always find nice UES people to talk to... Recommended to go in when Fredi (the bartender) is working.	1
My absolute favorite place to get dinner because the food is so downright good. It takes a long time, so don't come here if you're in a hurry, but its made with tender loving care so if you make the right choices, you will thoroughly enjoy yourself. Personally, I am a big fan of the small, cozy space and the friendliness of the people working there. Don't come with a large group! I LOVE all their specials of the day, the bruschetta, the SHRIMP TACOS (holy moly mmmhm). I wouldn't really come here to get pasta, its decent and good, but not as spectacular as their other entrees. The famed desserts are good as well, but I felt that they were a little overhyped, especially considering the price. If you only come here once though, you best try them!	1
In NYC on business and get so, so tired of the places catering to out-of-towners. Found this on Yelp.  What a delightful discovery.  Was well worth the cab ride up there. Being older than the rest of the clientele (okay, may have been as old as most of the diners' parents) will tell you what mattered to us: - creative food &amp; atmosphere - quiet music We could engage in conversation without shouting. - wonderful service - immaculate from floor to tables to restroom We both commented that this reminded us of one of our favorite restaurants which happens to be in Rocheport MO called Abigail's. We had pasta of the day and the Vietnamese beef salad which were both excellent.  This is such a teeny tiny negative, but the side salad with the pasta had only greens and a light dressing (quite yummy).  I think a couple bites of fruit on it would have added a lot. Took a long time to get our food, but it didn't matter.  The atmosphere was soooo friendly.  We just enjoyed feeling like we were not in let-us-rip-you-off Manhattan. Big disappointment that the date bread pudding was not available.  Server even apologized (apologized!!) and gave us the chocolate souffle.  Gee, a cold glass of milk would have been good with that. We were concerned we might not get in after reading the reviews of it being so small.  It is, but should that happen, there are many restaurants in the neighborhood.  Worth the wait if you have the time, though.	1
Rosendo aka Freddy was delightful.  The shrimp tacos were really good as was the paella.  Lovely place.  I just wish it wasn't so warm.	1
I went here for this first time with a friend who works at Per Se and my girlfriend who works in a bar with me.  We were all incredibly impressed by the service, atmosphere, and overall experience.  My friend is a vegetarian that is also allergic to gluten and dairy, and while nothing seemed appropriate on the menu, she was graciously accommodated and prepared a perfect meal that met her needs.  The word "service" seems inappropriate to describe how well we were treated.  It felt like we were guests to the home of a wonderful hostess.  This has become my favorite of the few "good" upper east side restaurants.  Thank you!	1
It took me 3 different trys before I was able to get a seat here but it was worth it. The food is amazing! The daily specials are fresh and delightful. Try the fig pudding for dessert. It is out of this world! The beer and wine selection is also great.	1
A great restaurant, the likes of which are seldom found on the UES.  The food was good and the service was amazing.  This is the perfect neighborhood joint.  Cozy and inviting, I can see myself here on many a night.	1
This place is so cute! It's best for 2 - I think they have one table that can seat 4. The other seats are bar tables plus the bar counter. The food was so good - the tuna tar tar had an avocado cream on the bottom and it was so delicious. I also had the special rib-eye steak with spinach creme which was cooked perfectly. My date had the hamburger which he approved of.  We were stuffed so we didn't order dessert but the chocolate souffle looked decadent - I'll be ordering that the next time I go.	1
An upper east side gem.  Local, inviting and priced perfectly.  Great wine, beer and food. Be sure to order the bruschetta.  They use Orwasher's (next door bakery) bread-- delicious! I'm keeping my fingers crossed they can eventually expand into the space next door...	1
Heidi and Chris are a total blast!  The space is comfy, cozy, and gives a neighborhood feel.  Mostly regulars, nearby foot traffic, or word of mouth is the current clientele. The food was yummy, and wine glass portions were plenty! I will be back over and over.	1
Each morning as I walked to the subway I would check out the renovation progress on this place, and last week it finally opened! A friend and I went for a glass of wine and their mac &amp; cheese after work, absolutely incredible! The prices are great, Heidi is an absolute riot, and the food was wonderful. She and her husband did most of the renovations themselves, and the space is cute and inviting. This will most certainly be my new local watering hole. If you live in the area (or don't live in the area) you absolutely must visit!	1
This place is an amazing place, it's cozy (yes small but charming!) the food is flawless the beer and wine lists are good. The waitress was friendly and the owner Heidi was adorable. I would highly suggest to go here, it's best to enjoy with two ppl as it's so small and intimate.	1
The fresh pasta of the day was fantastic.  Although this area of the UES has a ton of wine bars, this one gives off a low key and very friendly vibe.	1
This is an unexpected little gem of a place. After seeing a play in midtown, my then-boyfriend and I decided to walk through the UES on our way home to the UWS. I admit, I have an aversion to the UES, for how dead it seems to be, as compared to my own area of Manhattan (which is dead compared to others). As I complained, I yelped to see what might be good around there. We settled on Heidi's House, because of the sheer number of reviews noting it as stellar.  When I first looked at he menu, I was a bit disappointed, as this wasn't the kind of tapas place that I'm used to (I've lived in Central America where we had a couple of really good joints). As per UES standards, the prices also seemed pretty steep. However, it's all very well worth it. I had the shrimp tacos while health-nut ex-bf got the mesclun salad. The tacos were AMAZING. Seriously, I did not expect the shrimp to be so abundant and fresh, the tortilla to be just the right amount of crispy and soft (and fresh as well), and the sauce to fully complement all of it. The ex-partner took a bite and instantly regretted his passive aggressive attempt to show me up. We did a rock paper scissors number to see who could finish the last bite, and thank god, I won.  When it came to dessert, I chose for us the date pudding. It took quite a bit of time for it to come out. Through the Japanese sliding door that separates the tiny eating area from the kitchen, I could see the shadow of the chef doing some whole body work back there but didn't quite understand why... When the server/bartender laid the piece of art in front us, I understood why. The date pudding, a variation on bread pudding, laid on top of a beautifully perfect lake of fresh, homemade whipped cream (that's what he was doing so vigorously back there) and a date-like caramel sauce. After my first bite, I knew it was love. The outside is perfectly caramelized, and the inside is warm and lovely. I have no words to describe it, but the ex-bf and I just looked at each other, like what is happening here? We cleaned the plate, splitting the remaining piece into halves and more halves. It was sheer divinity embodied in dessert.	1
This is one of those restaurants I've walked passed a thousand times and thought, "this looks really good!" Well, I finally went to Heidi's last night and it was terrific. The beer and wine list is great and not particularly expensive. I like that the menu changes daily and that the food is superb. Good for a date or a drink with a friend. Just be aware that Heidi's is small and not acceptable for more than a group of two.	1
Had a lovely outing here. I'd kept passing here and peeking in. Reviews were great so we gave it a try. Glad we did! What a sweet place. About 18 seats total, a few small tables and the rest by the bar. Wines were great and they let me taste a few till I found what l liked. The food was good, and they've got a shelf full of games so we entertained ourselves playing Battleship till the food came. YAY!!! The most expensive thing on the menu was $20. Totally laid-back and unpretentious. Thumbs up!	1
Great mac and cheese here.  Also, they have weekly specials that are always good as well.  The chocolate souffle is amazing.  They also have a great selection of beers and wines that you won't find at some of the other places nearby.  Overall, a fun small place to try out if you haven't been.	1
great atmosphere.  came here on wednesday night and scored the last table without having to wait.  very intimate here and I would think this would be a great place for a date.  small uncluttered menu.  Had the hangar steak with spinach/mushrooms/bell peppers.  the meat was pretty good, but the spinach and mushrooms were kinda salty for my taste.  at 20 bux an entree it was a little expensive but what I would expect for this type of place.  I would come here again.	1
Great spot for wine, beer and small plates. Shrimp tacos tasted great and fresh!! Love Heidi, very engaging with customers. She recommend  my new fav beer, KingFisher. Goes great with my tacos. Also love the mac &amp; cheese with chorizo. I took my leftovers home in an enviornment safe container that can go in the microwave too!! Thanks Heidi! The beautiful flowers on each table was a nice touch as well. I will definately be back!	1
Had great dinner   Hangar steak preceded by guacamole that was really fresh . Good time. Will go back	1
Great food, great people and warm atmosphere. Can't beat their happy hour prices either. $5 for a glass of wine in NYC??? Unreal. Just a nice, down to earth place without pretension. Truly feels like you're visiting a house by the side of the road.	1
Highly recommend if you want to try something off the beaten path and have some rich wholesome food. Went here last night for dinner with my friend and we each ordered the hummus to start and mac n' cheese for dinner (which they offer in about 4 different ways). The food was AMAZING and the ambiance was really cool. The place is cozy and relaxing. Best to go when looking for a table for two. They even have games you can play while waiting for your food.	1
Love this place - such a gem! Nice, cozy and unpretentious - food is amazing!	1
Heidi's is a lovely little find in our Upper East Side neighborhood (we have a home in MD and a weekend home in NY).  Delightful dishes, full of the "comfort food" vibe that makes a quiet night out feel so indulgent.  There is one customer who frequents this place who gets a little rowdy when he drinks too much, and he can be obnoxiously loud - but aside from the occasional intrusion by him, my experience there was excellent.  I'd go back (and even deal with Mr. Loudmouth) again immediately - Heidi is a stitch, the food is a steal, and the ambience is a delight.	1
I'm giving this a 5-star review because I hope other New York restaurants get the hint:You can provide large quantities of tasty food in the middle of Manhattan and not try and fleece your customers or nickel and dime them.  Everyone else is writing the same thing I am: There are two floors of eating space, three simple items on the menu and they knock each dish out of the park.  My wife and I went last weekend for dinner and weren't let down.  I expected maybe the lobster rolls to be mediocre because who would expect all three dishes to be super good? Well, not so fast!  The lobster roll was just as good as the hamburger, which was just as good as the large lobster: All 3 superb!!  My wife and I will go back someday, I'm sure they'll still be in business.	1
What you need to know: * Three menu options...lobster, burger, or lobster roll...at $20 each. I tried all three...lobster was the best, burger was second, didn't love the lobster roll (though I don't care for mayo) * Everything comes with side salad and fries. They're okay, not great.  * Cocktails are overly sweet for my liking. Decent wines by the glass, though. * They churn through tables here. While they don't rush you, you will be in and out quickly. * HUGE place. You won't wait for a table. Ambiance is lively and open/airy. For the price, it's worth a shot.	1
I love and hate restaurants that have long menus, because I love options--but more options=higher chance of me regretting what I got! SO! This place was grrreat. Came with a friend for a late lunch on the weekend. We split the burger and a lobster roll. The burger was HUGE. The meat had a gamey taste to it, which I loved. The lobster roll was fresh, and went great with the buttered roll it came on. In addition, I LOVED the salad. The dressing was great, and was topped with a strong cheese that made it memorable. The fries were just okay. Reminded me of McDonald's fries.  Service was great. Would recommend coming here!	1
Honestly this place is genius, and it appears to be absolutely killing it.  I can't believe that a space this big in Manhattan seemed like a good idea for a restaurant with 2 items on the menu (3 if you count both ways you can get the lobster). Clearly that is why I'm not filthy rich, because I didn't know just how well it could do. But in all honestly, majority of people like burgers or lobster, if not both. And if you don't, then definitely don't come here, because there aren't other options. The food. Presented literally on silver platters, with a small side salad and a nice size cup of French fries. The burger is my vice, and boy was it massive. I added bacon and cheese, which is at no extra charge, by the way. It was delicious. I don't think I would go as far as saying best burger ever, but it was yummy. My friend had the lobster roll which she said was very big and filled for a lobster roll. She described it as, you normally want more when it's over, but not this one.  My one complaint was the service. Yes, the food came out very quickly, but there were probably 20 waiters and waitresses and they passed right by if you weren't their table, avoiding eye contact at all costs. Our waiter was not very friendly and seemed to dash off as quick as possible and disappear for long periods of time. He didn't even slow down when he asked how everything was, it was quite rude and noticeable to me. I will say the front staff was friendly upon entrance and exit.   Drink prices were reasonable, our bottle of red wine was $38, although they did have more expensive ones. I think this place would be really fun to come to with a group, but I'm not sure if getting a big table would be difficult at times given that they don't take reservations. Either way, I'm sure I'll be back!	1
Another day of exploring lead us here. We waited 30 minutes before being seated (party of 4 on a Friday night). While we waited we sat at the bar and chatted.  The menu options are burger, lobster (steamed or grilled) or lobster roll. They each come with a side salad and French fries for $20. I had the lobster roll and I enjoyed it. I would get it again over the other options because my friends thought the lobster was just okay and why get a burger when you can get lobster???? We appreciated the fact that they let us bring a cake in for my friend's birthday and that they brought it over after we finished up our dinner.	1
This place is huge. Full bar. Minimal wait time. You don't get a food menu but there is a drink menu. There are just three items. Whole lobster, Lobster roll and a burger. Each is $20.  Burger was really good. Lobster roll was buttery and had lots of meat. Fries remind me of McDonalds.  Wait staff was amazing. Open space and clean bathrooms.	1
Went on a Friday night around 8:30ish.  I had read an article about this restaurant and been meaning to try it out.  The dining area seats over 300 hundred and the wait time for a table was only about 5-10 minutes  When you first come in you will notice the huge tank which hold exceptionally large lobsters. I AM TALKING 7-10 POUND LOBSTERS. Insane.  You also notice the huge beautiful bar. They literally had at least 7 bartenders.  I knew I could truly appreciate this establishment because it is properly staff.  As soon as we were seated we were introduced to our server. I ordered a glass of wine to go along with my dinner as well. There menu has three things  -whole lobster  (steamed or grilled) -lobster roll  -burger  Each comes with fries and a salad.  This is not a place you bring your vegan friend to. Lol Our food came out in less than 20 minutes and was delivered on a silver platter. I ordered the grilled whole  lobster with lemon butter.  My husband order steamed. I think the grilled lobster is better and less messy in terms of the tomalley of the lobster. I am not a fan of the tomalley and that is why I order it grilled. The lobster tasted great, the salad was pretty basic, &amp; the fries are pretty addicting. I WILL DEFINITELY BE REVISITING THIS ESTABLISHMENT SOON. Its is a great deal for the amount and quality of food you receive.	1
I can't remember what restaurant used to be here, I think it was Americana?  The place is spacious and coming on a Tuesday night, it was pretty quiet. When you first enter there are tanks with ginormous lobsters in there. And they named the lobsters.  There is no menu because they only have 3 items to offer: A burger A steamed or grilled lobster Or a lobster roll I chose the steamed lobster and it must've been about 1.5 lbs. It was cut lengthwise with lemon butter on the side and a nice side of greens and French fries.  For dessert they only have 2 desserts; a chocolate mousse and a cheesecake with fruit topping.  Service and food were great, no complaints. Downstairs are more bathrooms and a window view of crates full of lobsters.  I'll be back, and I wish they delivered!  Because I'd eat it for lunch	1
We're handed a menu &amp; asked if we've ever been here before. I respond no (but don't worry I've read all the Yelp reviews), and Alex, our waitress goes into the three item menu: burger, lobster roll, or 1.5lbs of lobster all of them come with fries and a side salad for $20. I gasp and go, wait what??? That is cheaper than Cape Cod!  Not only was the food cheap, it was delicious, the lobster rolls were stuffed to the brim, the salad made me feel heathy, and the lobster came with a lemon garlic butter sauce that was fabulous.  After telling all my lobster obsessed friends about Burger &amp; Lobster, they all asked if they need to make a reservation because this place sounds too good to be true. Oh don't worry, Burger and Lobster is huge inside and there was so much room, we could have sat anywhere. I've got an inkling that in the summer this place will be picked, but until then you have your pick of the litter.  Come today, go back tomorrow, and then keep coming back everyday because no amount of lobster is too much. You'll love it!	1
Three $20 options - burger, whole lobster, or lobster roll and  all served with a side salad &amp; fries.  Sunday night 8pm, the restaurant was fairly empty. The space is huge, two levels, so doubt there will ever be a wait. First time dining here we ordered the burger medium rare with cheese &amp; bacon and a lobster roll. The burger is ginormous and juicy! Probably not the best deal for $20 but no regrets. The lobster roll was a decent size (1.5x the size of Luke's) and overfilling with lobster. The lobster roll drizzed with the lemon herb butter was amazing! Took off a star for the fries. They tasted a little stale.  Fatty Tip - make sure you ask for a side of lemon herb buttaaaaa to drizzle over your lobster roll &amp; dunk your fries in.	1
I've been thinking about this place since I first visited last Saturday. Atmosphere: HUGE! Very spacious and modern and trendy. Went in at noon on Saturday and there were many available tables. It got busier as the time went on, but there was never a wait from what it looked like. Food: Literally, three options so no need for a menu: Burger, lobster, lobster roll. Each come with fries and a salad, and each is $20. Pretty great deal for the lobster dishes, in my opinion (but still a setback nonetheless). For the whole lobster you have the choice of steamed or grilled and lemon garlic butter or regular butter. I opted for the lobster roll. I've previously had Luke's Lobster, Red Hook, and The Lobster Place. This is hands down the largest, most lobster-meat filled roll around. The meat is fresh, not too slathered in mayo, and hearty/thick. The roll, although not warm on arrival, is crunchy and buttery and everything that is right with the world. The salad is perfectly dressed with balsamic vinegar, and the fries, although a little oversalted, were great. The meal is completely satisfying, which was great because usually I eat a lobster roll and then complain about how much of a fatass I am because I'm still hungry. Service: Fantastic. Friendly, funny, and responsive. Coming back, for realsies.	1
I'm too full to express feelings.  Food.  So.  Good. Had the lobster roll.  A+. Not too much mayo...not too much lobster. Bloody Mary is in close competition with 7B.	1
I had the pleasure of dining at a lovely new restaurant in the Flatiron District, called Burger &amp; Lobster. The concept is so simple that they don't even need a menu. There are three choices: Burger, whole lobster or lobster roll. Each meal comes with both fries and salad. I chose the lobster because I haven't had that in awhile and I figured that was probably the best deal. I decided to go with the grilled lobster option and was not disappointed. The lobster was a decent size and it came with lemon-garlic butter. Plus, it was pre-cracked so it made it a lot easier to enjoy. The lobster meat had a nice flavor to it and that lemon butter is life. The salad was mediocre to me but the fries were warm, crispy and delicious! The lobster was a decent size and it came with lemon-garlic butter. Plus, it was pre-cracked so it made it a lot easier to enjoy. The lobster meat had a nice flavor to it and that lemon butter is life. The salad was mediocre to me but the fries were warm, crispy and delicious! Even though I did not get to try the burger or lobster roll, I heard that the burger was quite good (and worth the $20), and the same for the lobster roll. I would definitely come back to try the burger! XOXO Kathy (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fdressdinesparkle.com&amp;s=f39ec4eef4079dd3260816c3790b02ad4e7358dc3a32e28247153a41505463fc" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">dressdinesparkle.com</a>)	1
Where else can you get a $20 lobster or lobster roll on NYC ?  It was delicious,  comes with fries and salad.  Great service.  Great ambiance,  no hassle and quick!	1
Very good. They only have 3 choice for their entrees. Our entire table of four went with Lobster Roll. Absolutely delicious.  Bread was a bit buttery for my taste but that's a lobster roll right?  Like the ambiance as well. Arrived at 6pm with no wait.	1
Walked by this restaurant and my friend and I decided to check it out and we were very pleased. We invited a 3rd but he was a bit late so we decided to sit at the bar, we asked for a food menu and he told us that there was none because it's a simply $20 for either 1.5lb of lobster, a lobster roll or a burger. I'm sold!  I've been here twice and I've ordered the steam and the grilled lobster (both excellent but I'd go with steam next time) and both times got the lemon garlic butter sauce. That sauce... that sauce...#sogood The bartender was super friendly, so we decided to eat and drink at the bar. My favorite drink of the night was the soho punch (not to sweet, light and delicious).  I'd say this is my new favorite lobster spot.	1
Came here Sunday afternoon and surprised how big the place it is . If has that fast food feel to it and perhaps not the place you want to spend your afternoon drinking . Definitely not a date spot. 3 options no menu but there is a combo they don't tell you about which is pretty weird that they do not mention this . My friend has been to the one in in London and asked them about it ... she replied ' yes its on the board '     what board , the board that's 50 feet away , pass me the binoculars !! We had all 3 of courses .. Everything come with a small salad and fries . Lobster . Cooked perfectly and got to be the best value in the city . Lobster Roll . Without doubt the best thing on the menu . Very tasty and great portion.  Burger . Unfortunately was cooked medium and not medium rare so I cannot tell if you if I loved it . Pretty big burger though with bacon and cheese ,its a bit of kahuna burger but I think the burger purists will be expecting more flavor.  Overall its a bargain for your buck , I am not sure about the ambience though . But for you lobster fix you cant go wrong .	1
I have to admit, at first I thought the concept of three menu items was a little gimmicky, but I have no problem admitting when I am wrong. I took a business associate there for lunch yesterday and it is tremendous. They only do three things, but they do them VERY well. The waitstaff is very good at their jobs and the food is top notch. We opted for burger and lobster roll and both were perfect. I have had quite a few lobster rolls in my day and this was easily top 5. Nice looking drink menu as well. Shame it was lunch time. Go there, you won't regret it.	1
In a day in age when attention spans are at an all time low, it's nice to see a business dumb things down to allot more time for life's important matters. You know, like bolstering your Instagram presence and such.  At Burger &amp; Lobster you have two options: 1. A burger 2. Lobster (whole or on a buttery roll) That's all. It's so straightforward they don't even have a food menu. Both will set you back $20 each. At first you're taken by surprise as a $20 burger doesn't sound like an appealing deal necessarily, but this is a burger's burger. It rings in at about 1/2 pound and even split in two it was too much red meat to consume. The lobster roll was a bit more manageable and easy enough to finish in one sitting. $20 is about the going rate for any lobster roll in the city, and this one seems to be a tad bit larger in volume than Luke's or Ed's.   They do have a couple of dessert options that rotate in the event you're still hungry after your feast. They also have a nice list of cocktails on tap which is a notable touch. I'd imagine they'll rotate based on seasonality, but whatever hits the taps is sure to please if the cocktails I enjoyed are any indication.  It's a massive restaurant that can house 300 diners at any given moment. Stash Burger &amp; Lobster in your back pocket in the event you're entertaining a guest that hates to wait. There's no chance this place ever hits capacity at any given time, so there's bound to always be a two top available when hunger calls. It's an era in dining when singular restaurant concepts are all the rage. Could Burger &amp; Lobster be a developing and sustained trend? Only time will tell.	1
Good restaurant. Pretty well situated bar. Came on a Thursday night and it was busy but not packed. The food and drinks are not cheap but delicious. My one qualm with the restaurant is they don't have a food menu. They only have a handful of food options (burger, lobster &amp; lobster roll) but they have no menu that details what comes on the burger or nothing. Not a huge deal but just feedback to share. The bartender was nice enough to answer any questions we had. All I of the food items are $20. The burger was amazing though so it was fine. Located in the flatiron district? Enjoy!	1
Burger and lobster or burger or lobster? There are no menus at this London outpost because there are only two items on the menu - burgers and lobsters which are each priced at $20 - so this is truly not a place for vegetarians.  To be fair, there is slightly more complexity since you can get a lobster roll or lobster, and if you get the whole lobster, you can either have it steamed or grilled...and if you get the whole lobster you can either get butter or lemon butter (definitely get the lemon butter). All meals come with salad and fries and a choice of cheesecake or pudding for dessert. It is a deal and great for a large group. The restaurant is enormous so it feels a bit like you're dining at a TGI Friday's. Once yore over that, it's a fun, casual dining experience that is also pretty economical.	1
Awesome formula for an awesome place. Take your pick of Burger, Lobster, or Lobster roll for $20. The two of us got lobster rolls with no regret... it's been over a month since we went and we reminisced yesterday on how awesome that roll was. Do it. You won't regret it either.	1
I actually passed by this place a few times when it was still doing renovations. And lucky for me when the day I went here with the bf, it was their grand opening ( half off everything that night btw!) Menu: Burger,lobster or lobsterl roll - $20 each Combo :burger and half a lobster with dessert - $30 Everyone there was super friendly and our waiter Joe was super informative. We were being greedy that night ( and totally taking advantage of the half off price) and wanting to try all 3 things in the menu. Joe suggested we get the combo which was a full burger and half a lobster. Make that 2 and another order of the lobster roll please! He came back a few minutes later letting us know that the combo also comes with dessert of either a chocolate mousse or cheesecake mousse. One of each please! We had a tiny table they made the best of it by fitting all the food in there. But the food was pretty amazing. The lobsters was fresh and sweet and the burgers were cooked perfectly in the center. The fries were nice and crispy and the salad was pretty good too. And there was tons of lobster meat in the lobster roll. Of course, we didn't finish everything. But Joe was nice enough to doggy bag and cut the last remaining burger in half for us to take home with the fries. Dessert was pretty good too. The chocolate mousse was nice and light and the cheesecake was really creamy. Literally had to stop myself from finishing it all.	1
For $20, this is a pretty good deal for the lobster entrees. I've only ever gotten the lobster roll, which comes with a salad + fries and it's delicious. The restaurant is huge so I've never had to wait long and service is really quick. Just an FYI, they only serve burgers, lobsters, and lobster rolls ,but they have a sizable drink menu and drinks are pretty inexpensive for an NYC place.	1
Love the simplicity. Executed perfectly. 3 items on the menu, that's it!  Lobster roll. Lobster.   Burger.  All come with fries and salad. All $20. Boom! Great space with a good modern feel backed up by superb food. Even the small side salad was well dressed and tasty. Can only vouch for the lobster roll this time. But will be back to try the lobster and burger!	1
After reading about B&amp;G on several website, I got around to checking it out tonight... Definitely worth the hype and highly recommended. I'll most certainly come here again. Super simple menu (which is why you can't find it anywhere): $20 for either a lobster roll, a burger, or a steamed/fried lobster. Each comes with fries and small salad. Really digging this simple style options. The service was great. And I really love the decor: a large, industrial motif diner setting. Great for two people, but probably even better if you had a large group and just hung out at the communal table.	1
Amazing! They have only three things on the menu: a Burger (with bacon and cheese), a Lobster (steamed or grilled), and a Lobster Roll. Each one comes with fries (good fries, too) and a tasty side salad. And each one costs $20 (as of April 2015). THAT'S IT!  The whole lobster is great! I'm looking forward to trying the burger and lobster roll. Definitely get the lemon garlic butter with whatever you get. And if you like mayo on your burger or, like me, mixed with some ketchup for fries, they have the creamiest Japanese mayo and it's amazing. Awesome beer and booze selection, a pretty fun atmosphere, and very nice staff. The music was a little loud, but otherwise, it was a great experience and I'll be going back again soon.	1
Came here for a friend's birthday dinner.  This is a hipster-ish spot to have a casual dinner or lunch.  It's a bit overcrowded given its reputation and location but still awesome nonetheless.  This place only has 3 items on the menu: a burger, a whole lobster, or a lobster roll.  I chose the lobster roll which is basically a lobster meat sandwich;  it ended up being very filling and delicious served alongside fries and salad.  This was probably the best lobster I've had in a really long time.  The lobster actually tasted fresh and not farm grown.  Yet I  wonder why the lobsters that they have looming in their fish tanks  look like they are on steroids.  Those critters were huge!  Anyways, What made this place really stick in my memory was the "live entertainment."  It was hilarious to watch all of the waiters converge into a clumsy yet happy-go-lucky mob dancing to Taylor Swift's "Shake It Off."   It was like the three stooges meets Broadway.  They seemed really enthusiastic about that song, literally putting work aside to dance.       Also shout-out to the waiter with the Irish accent served my group.  He was super friendly and attentive to my party's questions and requests.  He even let us split the bill up 11 different ways, which is super annoying from the waiter's perspective.  I would definitely come back for the lobster!	1
This place is so amazing and I'm almost regretting writing this review because I'm worried that will make this place so busy thatI won't be able to come here anymore, but alas, the world must know. The concept is simple.  $20 for a burger, lobster roll, or lobster and it comes with fries and a small side salad.  No fuss and so good.  The don't take resys, but the restaurant is huge and the waits aren't too long.  the Bar is also huge meaning that you'll actually have a place to sit while you wait. Service is great and upbeat and it's an awesome restaurant to go to with friends.  I'd highly recommend it!!	1
I came here with my coworkers for lunch on a Friday. This place is HUGE. The space itself kind of reminded me of Saigon Market in Union Square but it felt more open.  As soon as you walk in, you'll see a tank full of living lobsters. Nice. I appreciated what they did with the decor. It has a friendly, clean, and hip vibe. No need for a menu here. It's just lobster, lobster roll, and a burger. Almost everyone in my group opted for the roll including myself so I can't comment on the lobster meal. The meal was delicious with a generous portion of lobster packed into the roll with a lemon on the side. To give you some reference, you get more lobster than Luke Lobster's roll. All meals come with a side of mixed salad and french fries. Nice touch. I would say it's the second or third best lobster roll I've ever had. The service was good. The wait staff were attentive and proactive about checking in.  Overall, it was a satisfying experience. I will certainly be back to try the lobster with lemon garlic butter next time.	1
$20 for Grilled lobster, a salad and fries. Thats all you need to know.  Oh and I didnt get sick (plus it has ample seating area) P.S. I recommend the whole lobster, lobster roll was kind of puny	1
Burgers....Lobsters.....Lobster Rolls.....so simple but they do it so well. This place is enormous!!! I went on an early Sunday afternoon(brunch time) and it was practically empty. Yelpsters aren't  exaggerating when they say everyone here is genuinely nice! I ordered the lobster roll. This was sooooooooooooooooooo good.....tons of sweet meaty lobster, with just a tiny bit of mayo and chives on a buttered brioche roll. This actually is better than the lobster roll I get from Gosman's Dock in Montauk. The lobster roll comes with skinny french fries(also delish) and a small salad(ok....nothing that overwhelmed me) this all for $20!!  I also ordered the Soho cocktail (not a fan....just ok) and the chocolate mousse (wonderful and rich, but not too sweet) I cant wait to try the whole lobster and burgers, other customers seemed to be really enjoying them. This place  is easily going to be a new addiction :)	1
Quick rundown of their menu: For $20 you either get a burger, a lobster, or lobster roll (with a side salad and fries). No vegetarian nonsense, no meaningful descriptions, nothing. Only menu you get is for drinks. Came here to sober up from a beer festival and just wanted the biggest thing they had. Figured value-wise, lobster can't be beat. The dish was big, and came out piping hot. Was able to use the shell cracker without making too much of a mess, and was able to scoop out the meat into the butter without problem as well. Fries were delicious and the salad was okay. Service here is fast, and not many people inside the big establishment. If you want a quick meal with a straightforward menu this is your spot. Otherwise move on.	1
Excellent food and very nice atmosphere! We had the lobster roll and was delicious! The manager took care of a misunderstanding working together with the service and the outcome was perfect! Totally recommended!	1
Although this menu is not very extensive (aka 3 items- burger, lobster, or lobster roll), the quality of the food makes up for the price. My friend and I got the lobster roll and it was Delicious! so much bigger than Lukes Lobster and comes with a side of fries and salad. The service is quick and the place is huge, definitely going to come back.	1
Came in for a late lunch / early dinner. Sat at the bar. Everyone was really nice and the service was quick. Got a strong drink followed by my order of the burger, fries and salad. It was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. Key words here, simple sells! 3 menu items is all that's needed. I wish I could eat seafood because some of their lobster options are crazy large! The atmosphere is friendly, fun and warm. I'll definitely be back!	1
The lobster roll was mediocre, the burger now is a whole other beast, it wasn't a grass  fed burgers but it was super flavorful and delicious.The salad was good and price point was good.I will be back so I can try the grilled and steamed lobster they have up to 7lb lobster....	1
In a city whose restaurants typically have page upon page of menu options (quite overwhelming sometimes, lemme tell ya), it was so refreshing to walk into Burger + Lobster and be told there were only 3 options: the burger, the lobster roll and the lobster. There wasn't even a physical menu. Kinda loved it. My friend and I both opted for the burger, which was pretty damn good. Oh and did I mention there was bacon in it?! Amazing. Coupled with a side salad and French fries, the meal definitely filled me up. And for the price of $20? I'll take it. I'll most def be coming back for the lobster roll and lobster.	1
Definitely a FAN of 20 Dollar lobster in LEMON BUTTER SAUCE and amazing fries. Venue: (4/5) HUGE Venue which I feel will never have wait problems.  Casual feel and good for all sorts of crowds. Food: (4/5) Lobster (grilled or steamed, Lobster Roll, or Burger.  A bit unsure if I would ever order a 20 dollar burger thought (a bit overpriced).  But LOBSTER was a good bet!!!!!!  I'll be back for this.  Lemon Butter on my lobster and fries.  Possibly my spoon too. Service (5/5) exceptional service A repeat will happen soon.	1
This is more 4.5 stars! After waiting on line from dough, we needed a place to eat dinner. It was a Saturday night on Valentine's Day. It was just a bit before the dinner rush, but knowing it was Valentine's Day, everything was gonna be packed or a reservation was needed So we passed by this gem! And I'm so glad we decided to stop here! Ambiance: When you first come in, you'll be amazed with how big and open the space is.  It's so hard to come by a (good) restaurant in the city without having to bump a persons chair or elbow. The place is clean and the staff seem extremely happy! And the music is awesome! Food: the menu is so simple, it's not even on paper. You get a burger, a lobster roll, or a whole lobster. Each come with a side of salad AND a big portion of fries! They're all just $20.  I had the LOBSTER ROLL. Get it! It's so worth it. Not only do they give you a generous portion, but it's so damn delicious. The bread is also perfection. It's toasted with butter,  which perfectly compliments the lobster! Just thinking about it makes me want to go back there again. My BF had the BURGER. Which was cooked to perfection. It was a juicy and flavorful. It's hard to imagine how other places can't cook a burger that way you want it.  The salad is ok. I wish it had more of the balsamic but it's still good. I felt the fries were endless. They were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I'm surprised they managed to stay hot til the last few bites of our meal! STAFF. I feel like the staff here is genuinely happy. Especially for working on Valentine's Day. I would be grumpy having to wait on all the couples. But everyone here is amazing. Their happiness kinda starts to rub off on you. The manager (I'm assuming), the tall slender gentleman, was very nice! His staff seems to like him because they were all laughing and dancing to the music as they hand the customers checks and/or orders. Let's just say I'll back again!	1
My friends and I had a framily dinner here last night with a reservation for 10. We all arrived separately and they let us sit right away - no "Wait until the entire group is here prior to seating" nonsense. Our waiter was super friendly and attentive; he repeated the menu options three times without frustration to each section of our long table haha! Service was an A+! I had the lobster roll ($20) and it was DELICIOUS - filled with a bunch of succulent lobster meat (not your usual pound of slaw and random filler) and very fresh. The bread was soft and very buttery, just how I like it. Some of my friends thought it was excessively buttery, but guess it depends on your palette and health-consciousness. Me? I could eat buttered bread for days... The roll came with fries and a small salad. The fries were crispy and salty - a little too much so, considering the roof of my mouth was tender and dried out after finishing them. The salad was a nice, light side and topped with a balsamic vinaigrette-type dressing. Overall, I loved my meal here and will definitely go back the next time I'm craving a lobster roll, might even do the half/half burger-whole lobster option to share actually... Hmm... drool....	1
Came for lunch around noon, it wasn't that crowded.  We got a booth on the right.  This place pretty much is my heaven, they are just missing bacon and steak but lobsters and burgers are pretty damn close. I actually had been here once before but our server Evan was a gem!  I was the only person at my table who ordered a lobster...I believe I ate Emily (They name them in the tank). haha. My lunch took a few seconds longer than my friends meals and I got a complimentary lobster roll to hold me over!!  A mazing. It was literally two lunches.   Yes, I did finish the entire lobster and the sides and half the roll.  I freaking love this place and will definitely be back.	1
I came here on a Friday night with a party of 10 and no reservations (silly, I know). We were told it would be an hour and a half wait which was expected but we were willing to wait. To our ecstasy, the wait ended up being much shorter and we were seated within 45 minutes.  The place was packed with people and the vibes were great. I love the concept of only offering 3 choices on the menu - it's either burger, lobster, or lobster roll for $20. Each choice comes with a side of fries and a salad. This makes things easier for indecisive individuals like myself who agonize over the menu. I shared the combo with my boyfriend - it comes with 2 burgers, one lobster, and 2 desserts. Seeing that this place only makes 3 things, I had high expectations for everything. The burger, however, did not impress me. My boyfriend loved it but I think it lacked in flavor. I did love the lobster. The lemon garlic was way too buttery for me so I ate the lobster plain. Still delicious. Fries were good and the salad was different from your typical garden salad and went very well with the rest of the meal. I had a bite of a friend's lobster roll and it was also amazing. The thing that did blow me away was dessert - the chocolate mouse and the cheesecake mousse w/ fruit were both so incredible. It was a great end to the meal and definitely solidified our plans to return again.  Our server was very accommodating for our large group. And when Tswift's "Shake It Off" came on, a waiter got on a table and started dancing and got everyone else to do the same.  It was a very fun and hip environment. It's not ideal if you are looking to have a conversation without screaming in the ear of your company, but definitely visit you want a place with great food, great drinks and excellent vibes.	1
Steamed lobster with lemon garlic butter was great. Friends raved about the lobster roll. Great vibes. Will definitely be returning... Soon.	1
Simple is best.  They now have 4 items on their menu: burger, 1.5 lbs of lobster, lobster roll, and the newest: lobster benedict (only available for sunday brunching!) $20 for each. I love that it all comes with a salad and fries. Fries are similar to MCD's but thinner and the salad has a delicious dressing that will leave you wanting more. Portions are perfect - not too much and not too little. They have an extensive drink menu and also some dessert options. The lobster roll had a generous amount of meat and was absolutely delicious! I'm so happy that my first lobster roll was from here; I probably won't go anywhere else for a lobster roll from now on. The service was wonderful, the waitress and the hostess were both super nice. The interior is beautiful and the smell of lobster+the decor make the experience more memorable. I didn't have a favorite restaurant before but Burger &amp; Lobster has won me over completely!! -insert heart eyes emoji-	1
I absolutely adore this place!! If $20 wasn't enough of a lure, the staff is uber friendly and attentive.  I don't eat red meat so no opinion on the burger but I have had the lobster and lobster roll.  Lobster - they serve a 1.5 lb lobster with lemon butter, fries and a salad. They pre-crack the lobster for you and the head is completely clean. Great for people like me who don't like to fight their food.  Lobster roll - it's mayo based and although the bun itself is toasted with buttery garlic goodness the lobster "salad" is served cold.  Dranks - (I know what I said) they're really good if you're really picky, I am. They make make my drink perfect every time.  Wait - what wait?  Should you go? Yes. If you don't eat lobsters or burgers you can always eat the yummy cheesecake mousse!	1
Best of both world Surf and Turf ... Burgers are the juiciest and tastiest with a buttery brioche sesame Bun nice crispy And smokey Bacon the perfect amounted pickle for the hint of sour and that Special smoothSauce to top it off... Lobster Roll I have to admit was the best I tried anywhere and I though when I was in Portland Maine I had best but Burgers &amp; Lobster knows how to put in "Just the right Amount" of seasoning and creamy mayo to keep your tastebuds alive with the natural sweetness of the lobster... We also had to order the broiled lobster which came perfectly cooked without overcoming... Juicy and tender with the best Garlic butter and clarified butter to dip the juicy meat into... Must come and for $20 each you can beat...	1
I loved this place! Three options, all $20 each:  Burger 1.5 lb Lobster Lobster Roll I had the lobster roll, and it was awesome. I was a little pissed at first because I asked the waiter if it was a hot or cold lobster roll, and he told me "hot". No, it's a cold lobster roll, with mayo. There's two different kinds of lobster rolls -- hot with butter, or cold with mayo. I feel like if you have three menu options, you should probably understand what each one is. My coworker said the burger was great, too. And they give you fries and a little salad with it. The atmosphere was awesome, crowded but not overcrowded, cool vintage decor and really high ceilings. Our waiter didn't check on us either, which, as a former server, always peeves me a little. At least ask how I'm doing once. You have food runners. I would change is the way you are first seated/served. They give you a menu that has only drinks on both sides of it. The hostess should probably preface this by saying there is no menu and there's only 3 items. Seriously, I felt like a confused idiot staring at two sides of a drink menu, taking my coworkers menu and examining his... dumb concept. At least put the three items on the menu...	1
Really amazing place - Huge (maybe too huge in the long run?), but it was packed - yet somehow felt cozy.   Super awesome service from Zach.  The drinks were awesome, and tap wine was only $8 and was excellent.   Now to the food - the salad was adorable and tasty, we had a million delicious fries.  And the LOBSTER ROLL - omg - buttery roll, perfect and tasty.  And the BURGER - holy god in heaven.  Crispy bacon, cheesy, nice roll, thick but not too thick (that's what she said) burger patty.  We left full and happy, and only forked out $40 or so each.  A great place and can't wait to go back.	1
I came for the soft open, when everything was priced half off. It was an absolute steal! They don't have printed menus which bothers me, even though they only served 3 entrees: Lobster (with fries and salad) Lobster roll (with fries and salad) Burger (I'm assuming with fries and salad) So, if you eat here, you are definitely going to have the fries and salad, which were both so good. The salad had a good variety of vegetables (totally different from the salads you get with like the 2 shavings of carrot, 1 sad little cherry tomato, and 1 chunky cucumber). The fries were nice and crispy. I ordered the lobster (how often do you get a lobster for $10? Or $20, for that matter?), and absolutely loved it. It was actually a pretty small lobster, but I've heard that smaller lobsters have better flavor, so I wasn't upset. I was pretty full by the end of the meal. My brother had the lobster roll, and he was stuffed by the end of it. He surmised that they actually put a whole lobster's worth of meat in the roll. I had a bite, and it was delicious - buttery toast and all. The interior is beautiful, the service is alive and has its own personality, and the wait wasn't too bad (there was no wait for a table). The lighting is really fun and swanky, and the space is extremely roomy - you forget you're in cramped Manhattan. They were having a small problem with credit cards - something with the system - and they offered to make an imprint of our card to charge it that way, but unfortunately we had that kind of credit card that doesn't have any bumps. We ended up paying with cash. This place is my lobster.	1
I happened upon Burger and Lobster by scoping out an area in NYC where I was giving a seminar to an architectural firm. The name popped up on Google Maps and I was immediately drawn to the name and the fact that it includes two of my favorite food items. Lucky for me, it came to the area about two months ago from the UK and opened it's flagship US location.  First off, the ambiance was really cool, casual but still with the feeling of being upscale. I went for lunch and got in around 11:45. There weren't too many people there, but it did start to fill up by the time I was heading out. I can't say ENOUGH about the waitstaff and how accommodating, warm, and attentive they were. My waiter checked in with me just enough times to be present, but not pushy.  I've never experienced a concept like the one they have at Burger and Lobster. Three things on the menu, lobster, lobster roll, and burger, all served with fries and salad, all $20 per meal. The only menu to be found is a drink menu which features beer, wine (some on tap), and cocktails.  I chose the lobster roll, of which I've had my fair share (being from New England). The roll was flavorful and full with a good amount of meat in it. The fries were just how I like, salted, thin and crispy. The salad was even tasty. I would highly recommend this restaurant and plan on going back again soon. Great job Burger and Lobster!	1
I gave this place 4 stars for two reasons: the price and the service.  Came here with my girlfriend on a Friday night and it was kind've empty. Service was spot on and the food was great. For $20 you pick either a burger or a lobster. Both are great!! Next time I come though I might just go with 2 lobsters... it was that good	1
20 dollllaaahhhhhs?! Triple threat of salad, steamed lobster and fries hit the spot. Pair with a bloody mary and your week will be set.	1
Awesome awesome spot. There's only 3 things on the menu and the restaurant is HUGE, so the service is a bit slower than usual.  The beauty of this spot is the menu. 3 things at $20 each. I went with a group of friends and tried everything. The burger is just average; that's the main reason I only gave this spot 4 stars. The lobster roll and lobster are delicious (hard to go wrong) but the star of these dishes is the lemon butter. Get a LOT. a. lot. of lemon butter.	1
Had the grilled lobster with the garlic butter, salad and fries for $20.  I got what I expected.  Really great, simple lobster.  Not smothered in a ton of sauce or overpowering sides. Just simple lobster. Loved it.  Will try the lobster roll next time.	1
I have been to his one twice after having gone to the original in London.  The first time was probably better than my second because my first lobster was slightly bigger :) But overall, $20 for a whole lobster and fries and salad in New York in a nicely decorated restaurant???? You can't go past this place   I'm very happy to have date night or lunch there once a month!!	1
If you're looking for a simple and affordable place to eat lobster, this is it!  I originally tried this restaurant in London and decided to give the NYC location a try..lobster was fresh and the salad complimented the meal. Their fries were.. just fries! Nothing too special about it. Love the NYC location, modern seating, average wait time, huge bar section.	1
One of the few things I loved about London is now in New York! Lots of seating in a sprawling, simply decorated space. The staff and servers were friendly and attentive.  I had the grilled lobster and it was thoroughly delicious. It was my first time having lobster that was grilled, and I can't say that I'm a huge fan of this preparation. Next time, I would get it steamed, but it was good to try it grilled at least once. Very generously portioned fries and side salad with my sizeable lobster. The salad was dressed nicely, and the fries were crisp. This is probably one of the best values in the city right now. Love it!	1
Came here for an early dinner on Friday, and was able to get a table with no wait. The wait service was a little slow but once our order was taken the food came out fairly quickly. The food and drink were really good and the proportion size was perfect! I understand why they don't have menus because they only offer 3 entree choices but it would be nice. My friend ordered a burger and didn't know it came with onions and pickles on it and the waiter hadn't mentioned it when she ordered (and she didn't want them) so how else would she know, she was able to peel them off but if there was a menu or mention it would have been nice to know in advance.	1
Only 3 things on the menu. Each costs $20. Burger, Lobster, or Lobster Roll. The burger was wonderful. i even liked the salad you get on the side, and I don't normally eat salads when I got a burger and fries in front of me. Perfect fries.   My wife ordered the lobster and to be honest, it was a little small and the tail was rubbery while the claws were delicate.  The waiter was great and so were the drinks. Dinner cost just under $100.	1
This place was GREAT! I really enjoyed it.  I wasn't sure what to expect with the limited menu. You can order a lobster, a burger, or a lobster roll-- all are $20. I got the grilled lobster with the lemon garlic butter-- and its worth twice the price. They also have a meal for 2 option: 2 burgers, 1 lobster &amp; a dessert for $60. Had it been reversed: 2 lobsters and a burger--- we would have tried it! The atmosphere is hip and trendy. Prefect for a date night or girls night. And with a reasonably priced menu, get the extra drink!!! Its worth it as well!	1
From the moment myself and my colleague walked in we were greeted by a wonderful, sweet, humorous hostess, with looks to match may I add, oi oi, who sat us straight away. It was quite busy, the bases were loaded, as they say in the baseball! We were then approached by a professional, happy go lucky, boisterous, lively young British man, Kellian I think he said his name was (sorry if I got the name wrong)!  He was enthusiastic and wanted us to make the most of our time here, and that we did. He explained the whole menu to us including beverages. Now, we were not "on the gargle" as Kellian uttered in a humorous tone. We ordered the combo platter, which was recommended to us. Scenes of incomparable, joyous burger and lobster. A great recommendation, served with skinny, yet comforting fries, a unique side salad and an enthralling buttery cheesy cream to compliment the lobster. This whole combo was "A1 Sharon" as Kellian would denote. Very impressive.  Not only were we looked after by Kellian, but also an aggregation of  benevolent co-workers of his, each as pulchritudinous as the next! We were then brought our NY cheesecake as part of the combo, each spoonful as succulent and mouthwatering as the last.  This was one of our best dining experiences in the big Green Apple yet, well done Kellian and Co, we will be back very soon! Cheerio as Kellian would declare, cheerio!	1
I don't  have to get too wordy here. They make 3 things PERFECTLY. The sides are great..crisp fries (that friends who NEVER EAT fries finished, including MINE.) The side salad..simple, crisp and neat. Loved it. The service from every single person you come in contact with was cheerful. I will be here WEEKLY. When you think about a combo meal at Gross Mikey D's crossing the $8 mark...$20 for a complete lobster dinner in a beautiful venue seems like highway robbery... Bang Bang!!	1
Had the lobster roll and the lobster benedicts sunday brunch special. Awesomeeeeee!! Nice place &amp; good food!!	1
I came here yesterday night. Everything is so good I ordered steam lobster with regular butter and wine.  This place is huge and cool staff very nice food is reasonable price. I'll come back and also tell my friends to come this place.	1
5 stars--- delicious, I'd imagine you can't go wrong coming here!! This place is huge and can definitely accommodate large groups The wait staff only brings you the drinks menu, because there's only 3 main choices for entree--lobster whole (grilled or steamed), lobster on a roll, or a burger. I ordered the lobster grilled with garlic butter and it was heavenly! I was so excited for my food when it came to my table. :D The meal also comes with a salad and some fries. The salad was very good and the fries a tad salty, but the focus was on the lobster. I am eager to return and try the hamburger, and of course get the lobster again and again and again.  It costs $20 for whichever entree. Drinks are around $10-12. I got a cocktail called Soho (something) and it was perfect for me. The waiter was also kind enough to offer my friend something that he recommended for her taste preferences that wasn't on the menu yet.  5 stars for the friendly and enthusiastic waiter who did not rush us as we ate and talked. Another big plus is that there was no wait time because they have such a large space. I'm all for trying out the hyped-restaurants-with-lines-out-the-door, but oftentimes the food isn't as great as it's made out to be. Here, the food is fantastic without a 2 hr wait.	1
I was at burger and lobster today and had a great experience they only have a few things on their menu it consist of a burger, lobster roll and whole lobster me and my sister had the lobster roll which was excellent a buttery roll filled with chunks of juicy lobster it comes with French fries and a small salad for $20 which is an excellent deal for how much lobster is in the roll and my mother and gf had the burger which was very large cooked and seasoned to perfection this is a very large restaurant easily could seat over a hundred people great wait staff very friendly and attentive so if your in lower Manhattan and craving lobster I would definitely recommend this place	1
Only three items on the menu but they are done extremely well!  The lobster rolls are flavored just right and have a generous amount of lobster!  The grilled lobster is delish but the garlic lemon butter is amazing!! Combined its a really a winner. Didn't have the burger but from what i heard it was very good!  All comes with fries which are addicting and a salad which is very good as well.	1
This restaurant only had three items on the menu. Lobster roll, burgers, and lobster.  We got the burger and lobster roll. The burger was good. The lobster roll was amazing. They were each served with fries and salad. Bloody Mary was pretty good too. Would definitely recommend this place.	1
Having never heard of this UK based chain, I was very intrigued by their unique menu concept.  There are only three things to choose from, they don't even give you a menu to read its simply the burger, the lobster roll or a lobster.  All are served with fries and a salad and all cost twenty bucks.  Really unique, takes out the guessing game of reading a 6 page menu and gives you a chance to focus more on the conversations you're having or the company you're with.  I like the idea, of course assuming that everyone in your party likes one of those 3 limited options.  The place itself is huge, surprisingly so and also has a very large bar area, great for happy hour or weekend drinks.  The staff was helpful and friendly, providing a great lunch experience.  Overall really cool concept, I enjoyed the innovation.	1
Very cool idea, food was perfect. I will return . Burger was tasty and the lobster was cocked to perfection	1
Wow. Shocking to find such a (1) big place that is (2) so busy !! Our wait, during prime Friday night dinner hours, was 30 minutes (not bad). There are four things you can get: -Burger -Lobster roll -Lobster -Combo (for two): Two burgers, one lobster, two individual desserts ($30 per person) All dinners come with a side of salad and fries and cost $20. If you want the combo, you have to ask for it (they won't necessarily tell you). If you go lobster, highly recommend getting it grilled. GRRRRRIIIILLLLLLED. $20 feels like a LOT for a burger, compared to the lobster options -- but the burger is pretty substantial -- I was full eating just half the patty +two sides of salad. The high note: They were playing late 90's hip hop jams. This MADE our night. And then we got the bonus of the entire staff DANCING atop one of the large tables to Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk. So... there was that. ^_^ If you're looking for a fun, LOUD night -- go here.	1
Great spot! The cavernous restaurant is as large as a bowling alley . . . and there are two storeys! LIkely you won't have to wait for a table. The $20 1.5lb lobsters are the best value. The $20 10oz hamburger is pretty darned tasty, and since bacon and cheese are gratis, isn't such a bad value either. The fries were okay but the salad was very yummy. I had the garlic butter with mine, and it seemed like runny hollandaise sauce. Next time i think i'll stick with the drawn butter. Good selection of beers and wine by the glass. Prompt and professional service.	1
Burger and Lobster, that is exactly what the menu consists of just like their franchise name.  Pick either one (and lobster roll of course) and you'll be amazed by the awesomeness of these delicious simple entrees.  The grilled lobster with garlic butter dip on the side is out of this world and the burger was cooked exactly the way my girlfriend wanted it.  The lobster roll was shared amongst everyone and did not dissappoint as well.  We all enjoyed our lunch there with the family perfectly on a Sun afternoon.  The waitress that took care of us were extremely well mannered and attended to all of our dining needs.  The restaurant is huge, so there is plenty of room for big groups.  We will be coming back again, possibly for a group birthday celebration soon.	1
It's a steal! For $20 you get a full lobster along with salad and fries - a deal unheard of in New York. The food is fresh &amp; delicious - we tried lobsters with garlic sauce and burgers. Cheesecake was great too, but more like yogurt parfait than traditional cheesecake.  One star off for their quite terrible cocktail program - we tried about 4 cocktails from the menu and they all were very much overly sweet, frankly Undrinkable.  I'll definitely be coming back for the food, but sticking with wine and beer this time!	1
This place is a GEM.  It's simple: there are only three options on the menu, for $20: lobster, burger, or lobster roll. Where else in the city can you get a steaming, delicious lobster for only $20? Better yet, come with 2 or more people and split everything!  I ordered the burger, my friend ordered a steamed lobster, and we shared. The burger -medium-had a fat patty inside, topped with lettuce, tomato, cheese, and bacon (latter two are optional). I don't think it's really worth $20 but since I'm sharing it was a bang for my buck. All orders come with a side of salad and fries too! Everything was so good! They have a special 2 people deal where you get 2 burgers, 1 lobster, and 2 desserts - now that's a lot of food. I was full with my half/half.  I'm definitely coming back soon, and getting the lobster for myself. I'm greedy. I almost don't want to tell you about this place.	1
I like places that give you as few menu options as possible because it's a good sign that they do those few items well.  The burger was tasty, but steamed lobster was a bit lacking. Still a great deal. It seems like a good place to go with a large group.	1
This  place is massive and has the one of the shortest menus you will ever find. The menu is the name of the restaurant and if their mission is to satisfy your burger/ lobster cravings, then they have done that well. My wife and I walked in on a Saturday at 8pm. There was no wait but I think we caught the tail end of a rush as our food took 25 minutes to arrive. The manager was extremely apologetic and offered us free drinks or dessert. We got: Burger: 10 oz burger patty with bacon and cheese (they give you a mix of cheddar &amp; american). The patty was juicy, decently seasoned and cooked perfectly to temperature (we got medium).  It's sounds expensive for what it is but It's pretty big and can be shared. I also like that they had both white and black sesame seeds on the bun. 3.5/5 Whole Lobster (boiled): 1.5 lbs lobster boiled perfectly and served with a lemon, garlic, butter dip. Yum! The  meat was so tender. The lobster was split in half and pre cracked so very easy to eat. You wont need the bib they give you. Cheaper, fresher and tastier than chelsea market  nearby. 4/5 Both dishes are $20 and came with fries &amp; salad. The fries were delicious - just the right thickness and perfectly crispy. The salad tasted fresh and had just the right amount of dressing. I have to give them props for some of their attention to details.... down to the scented napkins they gave us to clean our hands - they were good quality napkins! Even the pepper grinder was grinding out the perfect ratio of black and white peppercorn.  We weren't gonna get dessert but since the mgmt here was good enough to recognize the service delay and comp us, we decided to try them. They have two kinds here: chocolate mousse and cheesecake in a cup. The cheesecake tasted good but needed a bit more crunch (3.5/5). The chocolate mousse was the run away winner. It was really smooth and I loved the double layer of chocolate. The bottom layer was denser and darker. (4.5/5). Some reviewer said the mousse was grainy. It was't at all when I tried it. Good place to come with groups, family or just to even throw down a few drinks.	1
Nice decoration, friendly service, they only have 3 entree, burger, lobster, lobster roll, and I ordered the burger. I got to say the burger is not bad, but its sides,  salad and fried, were amazing, I never thought salad and fried could be so tasty until I tried their burger. However, I would recommend other yelpers to try their lobster or lobster roll, because all of entrees are $20, I think the price is more fair on seafood. They also have many different kinds of wine, beer and non alcohol drink, It is a really good place for hanging out!!,	1
Have tried all three dishes and loved them.  This place is the perfect example of perfecting a few key menu items rather than trying to please everyone.  The burger was stellar, and while the lobster is a better deal, I have and will order it again.   Kudos to the folks that did the space - it is bright and airy and spacious - want to let my kids run around in there.   Definite a must try for burger or lobster fans.	1
Everything was great. We had steamed lobster, grilled lobster, the burger and some cocktails. Very delicious. Fries and salad were also good. The service was fast and kind and the ambiance was nice. Go there if you want a no fuss, no gimmicks lobster dinner. You will be satisfied.	1
My boyfriend and I went last night around 8 it was super crowded I'm assuming the after work crowd. We were seated around 9 and I couldn't be happier with my food we ordered two grilled lobsters and a burger it was awesome.. The drinks were okay but we definitely will be going back...	1
Cool concept. $20 is the perfect pricing point. Spacious, lots of tables. Quick service. Great date place.	1
I like the simplicity of this place. $20 for a burger, a lobster roll or lobster. Im a big fan of restaurants that know what they do well and just execute. I think this is very much the case with this place. The cocktail I had was just ok but the lobster roll was really good and they were very accommodating for a large group.	1
$20 for either lobster roll, a whole lobster or a beef burger with salad &amp; fries! It's a good deal. Food &amp; service is good! Will be returning :)	1
Did not even see this in any travel book bc it's so new (opened in jan), but I have a feeling it'll be on everyone's travel itinerary to NYC soon. I found this just yelpng rest'ts near my flatiron district hotel...yay again for yelp!:) I asked my waiter what he'd recommend if I just had one night in town and he said the lobster roll...so that's what I got and so glad I did! Like he said u can get a burger and lobster anywhere but it's hard to find a good lobster roll. This one even beat the one I had in Maine once. Aside from the gem of course (the fresh lobster) it's the bun that sets it apart. The waiter said they have their own bread made from down the st...ah no wonder so fresh! Worth every penny. I'm from Atl where lobster rolls r $24, so $20 is a good deal too! I got to meet one of the 5 owners, Vladmir, and was surprised to find out it's from a London based company that has 6 shops in London already. I'm sure they're gonna open more here too...what a winning formula: 3 items on the menu: lobster roll, lobster, or burger. That's it!:) and soooo good!!!	1
I was in awe once I walked in and saw how big it was inside. Defiantly a hidden gem in the heart of flatiron. Which are like most funds in this area. What makes it unique is your food options. The name says it all...I live lobster rolls and I will say this is one of the best in NY. If your every in the mood for lobster I would advise you try them out. At $20 a pound you can't bet the quality of the food along with quantity! I will defiantly return. They do need to have wifi, the phone signal is pretty bad in there.	1
Went to Burger &amp; Lobster after a late night at work for dinner and was pleasantly surprised by this British import which just opened before Christmas 2014. B&amp;L is a spacious place seating up to 250 on the main floor with an additional party room downstairs that can seat another 150. For a Monday night, the space was about one-third full with a lively crowd but not overly loud. The space has an interesting vibe which is complemented by a simple menu. Lobster, lobster roll, or burger for $20. If you want a bigger lobster it will cost you $20/pound. I got a lobster roll which came with salad and fries. The salad was spot on but the fries were just a bit oily. Lobster was just right and they didn't skimp on the amount of lobster meat. Good was out relatively fast, but average for a restaurant that is near half full. Definitely going to come more often as the staff was friendly, easy spirited, and didn't ask the typical "is everything good" question when you are in the middle of talking a bite from your food (always annoyed by timing of that question, but not tonight). Plus the $20 meal choice is standard lunch &amp; dinner. The bar itself is quite large, full top shelf,  and at least 2 speed-wells each with 13 beer on taps. Same goes for the downstairs dinning room. Seems to have that yearning to be so much more place and had the potential to be that.	1
Burger and Lobster (B&amp;L) is finally in town. Before moving over to NYC, we were regular B&amp;L customers and enjoyed the expansion to now 5 restaurants in London over the last three years. During my leaving party, a colleague mentioned that B&amp;L would open a branch in NYC too, which made us obviously very happy. And now they are here... I can say the following: * Best Lobster in town at a fantastic price of $20 only (with fries and salad) * Excellent, one of the best burgers I have ever had in my life (again $20 with fries and salad) * Superb, casual atmosphere with an excellent friendly service * Sharing Combo (2x burger an 1x lobster with unlimited fries and salad for $60) ... and by the way, the fries and salad are amazing too. Forget about the fatty and soggy ones which you get quite too often. They are fine and crisp and the salad comes with a nice dressing and parmesan. On top of that, B&amp;L also offers the so called 'big boys'. These are bigger lobsters, e.g. 3-8 pounds which come with unlimited fries and salads and can be easily shared amongst a group. In London, we always went for these big boys and the biggest one I had was around 6.8 pounds (pricing was fantastic too). All in all, our new go to place.	1
This place is AMAZING!!!! Only 3 things on the menu. I've had them all! Everything is FABULOUS and ALL only $20! Do yourself a favor and just TRY IT! You will NOT be disappointed!!!	1
Came here during their soft opening.  The venue is spacious and the atmosphere was good not crowded.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  I highly recommend the lobster roll, you get 1.5 lb of lobster meat stuffed into a roll. It also wasn't heavy in mayonnaise but had just enough flavor.  It came with fries and a salad bur the lobster roll is so filling it was difficult to finish the fries. I didn't even touch the salad Needless to say best lobster roll I've ever had and will definitely be back for more.	1
I am a big burger lover and B&amp;L came from across the pond with out letting me down.  The burger is one of the best I have ever tried.  I am sure it will make the best burger list next year.  The staff is great and the atmosphere is awesome.  Try the chocolate pudding cake it is amazing.  The best thing is everything is $20 on the food menu(Well they don't have a food menu Burger, Lobster, or Lobster Roll is what you can order - just drink menu).  Trust you get a lot of food for your money.  It is a great place to meet up with friends or a great place for a date.  Go on over and show them some love...  You will have a great time and so will your taste buds.  Yummy yum yum yum!!! Best, Gideon	1
This place has it all. It has a very cool atmosphere (upstairs and down), the service was excellent and the food was superb. We first went downstairs to have a few drinks. I really enjoyed the three workers who came out and danced every once and a while. I was fun and hilarious at the same time.  Our party was able to try one of each selection - Lobster, Lobster Roll and Burger. I personally loved the lobster roll. They were not stingy on the meat and they didn't drown it in mayo as some places do. If you're not into lobster, not to worry becasuse the burger was amazing too. Since every entree on the menu is $20, I would say this would be a good restaurant to go to with a big party since its easy to split checks.  As perviously mentioned, service was excellent. One of my friends accidently dropped her glass of wine on the table and right away I had two servers come up helping clean up the mess. As they helped, another server went to fetch me some soda water without even asking (since a little splashed on my shirt). I couldn't be more thankful. Overall, I thought this was a great place. Definitely worth a try.	1
British gastro-invasion - not bubble and squeak and not bangers and mash! Burger and Lobster Flatiron (BLF), straight out of London was launched in NYC on December 19 and it ain't no gastropub. Its specialty is American food - burgers and lobsters. In fact, BLF's only offerings are burger and lobster (steamed, grilled or lobster roll) served with French fries (only side) and salad (only appetizer), so there is no menu except a short  but adequate list of wines and beers. For the full meal the price is $20 (and we were surprised $10 for opening night!). Opening night at BLF was a real winner with a burger for my wife  and lobster for me prepared to perfection.The smartly decorated restaurant has 2 large comfortable dining areas on 2 levels. The sound system and music was in play, but not blaring, so that conversation was easy without strain. All staff were upbeat and our server was excellent and proud to be part of this burger/lobster specialty restaurant after a week of training. We met BLF co-owner Vladimir Borodin who was very attentive stopping at each table eager for feedback from opening night diners.   So how many stars for BLF? It is not Daniel or Le Bernardin. But I gave it 5 stars because it meets and exceeds the expectations of diners for what it is - a unique, high quality burger and lobster specialty venue - what's not to like?	1
The lobster is THE BEST LOBSTER I've ever... Get it Grilled. Get the lemon garlic butter. Get an EXTRA side of lemon garlic butter. Have the time of your life. That's pretty much how it's done here at Burger and Lobster. And if you're thinking I'm not a lobster kinda gal, you're wrong. You are, and you just don't know it yet. I was too. I am now a lobster gal convert, not kidding. The fries were delicious, dip them in the lemon garlic butter. The lobster roll - Texas toast brioche buns and thick lobster meat - delicious, and yes, dip them in the butter.  Met Vladimir the owner and starter of this fine establishment and told him it was a knockout success!	1
The lobster rolls here are a must.  Fresh meat, healthy portion and perfectly prepared rolls. This is only my second time here but it's a staple moving forward.	1
No longer will your friend have an excuse to spend more than 5 minutes deciding what to eat.  Your only choices are a burger, a whole lobster (grilled or steamed) or a lobster roll and you can't wrong with any.  Each come with a set of delicious fries, and a salad.  The lobsters also come with a very nice butter on the side for the meat or if you're me, drown your fries in.  A paltry 20 bucks is all that's gonna cost you to feel like a King and Queen for a night of deliciousness and debauchery at this large, wonderful gem.  Now if you really want to feast like a true king, they also serve larger lobsters that have claws larger than my head and are reasonably priced as well.   What makes this place great is that its concept is simple and it works to charm.  There is no menu for the food so people are spending less time thinking of what to eat and their calorie count, and have more time to instagram their food later on and hang around.  The space is clean and huge with spacious tables and booths for large parties as they're clawing down on their lobsters or burgers.  And since the restaurant is so big, there's no rush to have customers leave and instead, are left to schmooze around as they please after a delightful meal.  In fact, there is practically no wait.  Just make sure your entire party is there and you're seated right away.  I went on a Saturday night with a group of 6 at 8pm and had no problem.   Service is great, the food is amazing and an overall fun place.  If you love lobsters or burgers and your cholestrol level is fine, you absolutely must come here.	1
Overall I'd give it 3.5 stars but will round-up due to a positive experience. Came with my pack of office carnivores for lunch. Like its namesake, you can only order burgers and lobsters (or lobster rolls). Each entree comes with a small salad and fries for a total of $20 even. We opted for a surf and turf approach and shared burgers and lobster rolls. First the burger.  We all ordered medium rare and they arrived pretty close to that, if not just a tad on the rarer side. If you're squeamish about your meat being bloody, go for medium. Burger itself was quite decent in size and the brioche bun had a good stiffness that prevented it from disintegrating from all the meat juices leaking from the burger.  Now the sides. The small salad was decent but not memorable; the fries were crispy but overly salty. If you are a fan of McDonald's style fries you will love these. Finally the lobster roll.  For $20 you get a very healthy serving of chunky lobster meat. This is a legit serving, not that minced-up with tons of mayo crap you'll find at other places. These were sizable and CLEARLY discernible pieces of real lobster meat, topped with some diced green onions that added a nice bite to the flavour. The roll it came in was beautifully toasted and you could definitely taste the butter - a good thing! If you are fan of grilled cheese, you'll love how they toast the bread for the lobster rolls. Ok fine, dessert too. There are only 2 options,  1. Chocolate mousse with what seemed to be a ganache bottom. 2. Cheesecake with a berry topping. Both come in a bowl and are incredibly rich and dense. Unless you are still starving after finishing your entree, I would recommend that 1 dessert be shared amongst 2 people.  Service was a non-issue, the venue is spacious and never seems to be too packed. Given the prime location, overall I'd say it was worth the $20/dish. Both the lobster rolls and burgers were excellent.	1
It's awesome Burger &amp; Lobster opened in this neighbor! Now we have someplace trendy and affordable in this neighborhood! It's also super gracious so great for families. You only have three options - lobster (steamed or grilled), lobster roll or burger - and you get a small salad and fries. Best part - the whole meal is $20!!! I got the lobster tonight - 1 1/2lb grilled. It's neater to eat, less liquid which can be sprayed. Get the lemon garlic butter, trust me. The fries were phenom - skinny and crispy. The side salad was simple greens with a light dusting of Parmesan, croutons, radishes and red onion with a citrusy vinaigrette. All very tasty and satisfying. We'll definitely be back!	1
I was there Saturday the ambiance is really nice it's also quiet I don't know if it's because it just opened up and not to many people know about it but definitely worth a try. I had the combo with a burger n a half lobster salad and dessert with a friend 30 bucks each is great. The salad was great, the burger was bland if it wasn't for the bacon n cheese it would've been real disappointing the lobster was great. Next time I definitely will b going all the way lobster.	1
Another place I visited during Spring Break. The lobster was astounding (I had the Lobster roll), the only person who didn't like it was my younger sister. which was funny since she usually like any seafood. The staff was great, and the sides were good as well. Another place I would highly recommend.	1
Place is great and simple. Either you want a burger or some damn lobster. The waiter I had was awesome. His name was Jonathan, he was down to earth and just great overall. He kept making sure my girlfriend and I were good with our food and drinks and the place was so chill and pretty huge. Definitely coming back here again. Went with the burger this time which was amazing. Next time it'll be some lobster!	1
Almost everyone here was super friendly and helpful. Went in on a Friday night and the wait time was pretty minimal. We both had the lobster roll and it was amazing. The fries and salad were also great and I appreciate that it came with both. The roll was toasted and buttered perfectly. We had Dark and Stormy's which I've never had before and were great. The space is beautiful and appropriately set up. I'm already looking forward to going back and trying the lobster and the burger.	1
Kids and myself were just wondering the streets of Manhattan when we found this place. First of all the simplicity, darkness and warmth of the interior was absolutely great since we came in on the cold afternoon.  I loved the idea of just three meals therefore you get no menus and just pick what you want out of three. We had lobster roll and the burger.  DELISH!!! It does come with a salad and fries on the side so don't get upset.  Also dessert is kinda awesome; you can have a cheesecake or a chocolate mousse in a cup, also great!!!  We spent over two hours there just talking and enjoying our meal.  Great place.	1
This place was excellent! The hamburgers were big and juicy. We also got the lobster grilled with a lemon garlic butter to dip in and that was outstanding! The side salad was just enough and the fries were yummy. The atmosphere is very casual and laid back and the staff very friendly and efficient.   I will be coming back!	1
Found this spot on Yelp and decided to try it out. They only take reservations for larger groups, did not have to wait too long. It is a really large space and we were seated at a communal table but it was not awkward. I couldn't decided whether to get the whole lobster or roll (both were on either side of me). The whole lobster looked huge but I ended up getting the lobster roll. It was super good. There was a really good portion of lobster and the roll was so buttery and melted in my mouth. The salad was really simple but still good and the fries were so tasty! The music was random...I may have heard Ace of Bass and then definitely heard Monica &amp; Brandy's Boy is Mine. The service was good, all in all it was a great choice.	1
Beyond obsessed!! I've come for lunch and then back for dinner the same day.  AND I've also gone 2 days in a row for dinner too. Mind you, that was in the first 2 weeks of opening.  The staff is my fav! They are the coolest and make you feel like they've known you forever. The host Stephenie is the sweetest (she gives me the smile and the look of "again?")  I try to sit in Josh B.'s section Bc his accent is the cutest and he really knows how to take care of us! He's makes you feel like your his friend and your visiting him at work.   I've bring clients, friends, neighbors. Trust me, you go once and you'll be back! Promise.  You can't beat lobster, awesome fries and a delish salad for $20. And the wine on tap is actually pretty good! I HIGHLY recommend the cheesecake dessert. TDF!!! So.... You're welcome!	1
Very quick service and great food. I love a simple menu. $20 flat rate for the lobster, lobster roll, or burger. We had the lobster grilled and a lobster roll. I highly recommend the grilled lobster with the lemon garlic butter. The only disappointment was the fries, they were just okay. But at least they had malt vinegar for the fries as any proper eatery should.	1
Third time's the charm.Today on my third visit I was greeted  enthusiastically by Emily the hostess and seated at a Large table which is always a plus even when dining alone. The lobster roll was MAGNIFICENT and two of the owners Ricardo and Daniel made sure that everything was perfect..Suffice to say I am now a Stalwart fan and  I'LL BE BAAAAACK Had the pleasure of meeting the Head Chef Danny Lee today at lunch. very exciting to meet the Man behind the Meal  and as stated previously I'LL BE BAAAAACK	1
Loved the lobster roll. Just enough mayo, not over dressed, in a buttery roll reminiscent of Texas toast. So amazing. We also got the burger which they cooked perfectly and we really liked... Until we bit into the lobster roll. Next time we'll order the lobster and the lobster roll. Get a side of the lemon butter for any of their three dishes :) the cheesecake mousse was also pretty good, very light and like whipped cream in texture (I would have actually preferred it to be more dense, but that's personal preference). The best part was when they put on Bruno Mars uptown funk and a bunch of the staff from the kitchen, waiters, front of the house started dancing around the restaurant, got on the tables and danced, and got customers dancing on the table. It was just a fun atmosphere:) good for groups.	1
Seriously spacious, mellow ambiance and lighting, and really good food. Seemed simultaneously classy and low-key, which I love. I came with a big birthday group and we all ended up tasting everything on the menu: the lobster, the lobster roll, and the burger- each for $20. The lobster roll was delicious and my fave. Each were served with a salad and fries. The salad of mixed greens unexpectedly, was notably wonderful. Fries were great. The lobster roll was overflowing with lobster and very satisfying. I wouldn't order the burger simply because it's a $20 burger, but it looked good. Great place plus clean bathrooms, will come back!	1
$20 can sure get you a hell of a meal here! The lobster was delicious, either grilled or steamed. Fries and salad to accompany the dish were a perfect amount. My wife and I also split the lobster roll which was amazing, better than anywhere else I had also bigger than most places. I just wish they would offer it to be cooked different ways such as a hot lobster roll rather than the cold lobster salad they serve. Regardless of how it is prepared it was delicious! Another thing I wish they would do is sell the lobster rolls individually without the fries or salad...I could of purchases another roll to split with my wife but we didn't want more fries or salad, which is why I give 4/5 stars. All in all the place was decorated very nice and is tremendous with a great bar selection. I will definitely come back without any hesitation.	1
This place rocks! I can care less for the service if they're selling burgers and lobsters for $20! Mind you, the $20 includes a nice salad, individual serving of crispy fries and either a burger, lobster roll or whole lobster! HEAVEN. So good! Good food, large space, full bar! =)	1
Had the whole lobster. Delicious. Great price! they only have 3 things on their menu and their drinks are excellent too. Staff is friendly and engaging if you want them to be.	1
You can't go wrong at a place that servers burgers and lobster. Their menu makes it easy to make a good choice because you can either choose a burger, a lobster or a lobster roll. Definitely the most generous lobster roll you'll find in the city. It all comes with a side salad and fries. The salad makes it easy to finish all your greens! I have only been once and sat at the bar. My bartender was Jess and she was able to answer any questions I had. I definitely recommend the clarges buck. It's a Moscow mule with tequila. If you haven't had either I recommend both and I definitely recommend this place.	1
So delicious! The food was delicious and had a beautiful presentation. I had a hamburger, &amp; my husband had the lobster roll. We also had the chocolate mousse for dessert. Everything was very tasty. They even made me a special gluten-free hamburger bun option with a lettuce wrap. The ambience was also very nice. I highly recommend. We came here after viewing a taping of the Wendy Williams show, so if you see her, stop by here afterwards for lunch.	1
Knew this spot from London. Amazing, amazing lobster rolls, nice service! Great spot for dinner	1
I rarely review but I had such a good experience here last night that I felt compelled to review.  I'll go from start to finish.   This place is huge - can't miss it from the outside, even in this blustery weather.  Inside, you're pleasantly greeted by the hostesses.  The bar is spacious on the left but it was pretty full at 8:30 pm on a Thursday, as expected. We put our names down and sit at one of the tables toward the front of the restaurant and order our drinks.  I had the luck of getting the head bartender (apparently recruited from London to come work here - but sorry ladies, no London accent) who definitely knows what he's doing.  Our table was ready before we could finish our first drinks - for me, that's saying something bc I haven't learned the art of nursing a drink yet. The table was spacious for 3 - could definitely have fit more, but perfect for us for how much we order.  It was roomy and conducive to sharing plates.  Our waiter was nice, friendly and gave suggestions and options appropriately. As the other reviews mention, they offer only 3 items for $20 each - the burger, the lobster roll and the whole lobster (grilled or steamed).  We were a party of 3 so naturally we ordered one of each, plus an extra lobster roll,... plus a third lobster roll (yes, it really is THAT delicious!).  Each order also comes with a side of salad and fries. Taste - the lobster roll was probably the best I've ever had - it was meaty yet totally melts in your mouth upon the first bite.  The bun didn't leave much of an impression on me other than that it complemented the lobster meat well, so no complaints there. The burger - cooked at medium rare like we asked. This somehow still always surprises me when I order a burger since most restaurants always tend to overcook the burger, but this was a pleasant surprise of course.  It was definitely a big burger - we split it amongst the 3 of us which normally would be a no go for me since I do love my burgers...BUT it could have something to do with the fact that we did also have tons of lobster, haha. The grilled lobster was probably my least favorite just because I was so satisfied with the other two options..and frankly, I'm pretty sure I've had better grilled lobster elsewhere - don't get me wrong. It was good, but not outstanding.  The side salad was very good - I didn't have enough time to analyze it and give it more thought, but despite having all that lobster and burger at my disposable, I chose to eat 2 sides of the salad - it was DELICIOUS.  The fries were also yummy. I love my fries - essential with a burger. It would be great if they also offered an option for sweet potato fries. My only gripe, if you can call it that, is that for the other 2 in our party, they were drinking a Maker's Mark Manhattan on the rocks (or were they?).  Now when we were waiting for our table, I ordered those from the head bartender - perhaps I should have taken more notice of whether it really was Maker's Mark, but he gave me my Highland Park drink first, so I was easily distracted by that (i'm sure that's understandable).  When we were at the dinner table, we ordered two more Maker's Mark Manhattans but our waiter came back and told us that they do not carry Maker's Mark. I was confused because that's what I ordered before dinner so I raised this with our waiter who said he would check again, but no, they don't carry Maker's Mark.  I thought - that's kind of messed up then that the totally cool bartender served me some other bourbon and didn't tell me he didn't carry Maker's and let me think that what I got is what I ordered, so being who I am, I went up to the bar and asked him directly.  He said oh no, it's just that the computer system doesn't have Maker's Mark inputted in so we put Forrester's instead on your receipt - he obviously thought I raised this point because I had signed the bar receipt which identified Forrester's as the drink (I hadn't noticed this when I signed it).  So I explained to him, oh that's fine but our waiter told us that you don't carry Maker's Mark at all - is this true?  Head bartender goes - nope, don't worry we do. I'll take care of it!  So I go back to our table reassured that we, or rather the other two, get their drinks.  They get their drinks and are happy with them.  Waiter later comes back with check and he says yeah, sorry that you didn't get your Maker's Mark but yeah we dont' carry it... so at the end of the meal, I'm left wondering.... did we get Maker's Mark or not?  I mean, not a big deal, maybe just a miscommunication, but I think I'd like to know the answer before the next time I go, haha.  I was also charged for a Highland Park 15 year on my dinner check even though I specifically ordered a 12 year.  Again, no big deal - won't stop me from returning, but lesson I guess is - make sure you're careful when ordering drinks that you're getting what you asked for. None of this I attribute as the fault of the head bartender tho.	1
Its crazy simple here, so listen closely. Three things on the menu, lobster 1/1/4lb, lobster roll and a burger. The sides are the same no  matter which you order, salad (very tasty but not enough dressing and fries). In order of our guests suggestions, 1. Lobster, 2. lobster roll 3. Burger. Here is the rub boys and girls, we drank martinis and were charged $16 each!! Not necessary to hit the consumer over the head like that. Desserts were good, go with the cheesecake thing a ma gig, much better than the moose. In closing, food is worth the trip but know if you are rolling up to the bar for some juice you are goeing deep!!	1
We ordered all three options because we couldn't decide what to get. Each item was more awesome than the next. The burgers were juicy. The skinny fries had the right crunchy salty taste.  The lobster roll was better than LUNCH in the hamptons, more lobster meat, a better taste, and perfect pretzel roll. Both butter sauces for the regular lobster were great. The service was prompt and the waiter knew his stuff-we followed every recommendation. Can't do much better for $20!!!!! So glad you came to the neighborhood	1
The lobster roll was fantastic and the staff was outstanding and very enthusiastic. Usually when I get a lobster roll elsewhere there really isn't enough lobster meat, but the one here is full of meat, a whole lobster worth. I didn't personally try the burger but my friends did and they said it was delicious. It looked perfectly cooked. Both came with a side salad and fries, which were very tasty. It's money well spent. Will definitely come here when I'm craving a lobster roll.	1
Delicious food, great service and very reasonably priced. Did it for brunch and absolutely loved it.	1
Upon entering, it is likely that you'll turn into a 10 year old oogling at the lobster tank like you've never seen them before. It is cute though, the biggies are tagged with their weight (5 lbs or above) and supposedly they have names. I just hope it's not always "Josh" that's living there cos that would mean my to-be-dinner isn't fresh* 3 straightforward options, maybe a 4th if you consider the combo one.  Steamed or grilled. Lemon butter or garlic butter. For 5lbs and above: priced at $20 per lb. Dessert: Cheesecake or chocolate mousse cake. Skip: For some reason reminds me of the jello cups found in the supermarket aisles.  Place is HUGE and can accommodate anywhere from 2 to 30 without a problem.  Extremely handicap friendly too if anyone is wondering...  Minus a star cos I found the grilled lobsters to be a tad overcooked. They should find a way to master the cooking time difference between the body and claws. Otherwise, enjoy your meal handed to you on a silver platter!	1
Have been here three times in the last 3 weeks.  You can't wrong and seriously think it's the best lobster roll in the city.	1
Great tasting food..direct to the point (only 3 things in the menu) meaning you dont need to think hard..ambience is so cozy..busy but you wont even notice..workers are so approchable..and just love the thought that this food business accepts LGBTs!..more power and more customer!..	1
Amazing prices (twenty dollars for lobster!), simple menu, great drink choices, fast FAST service, best wait staff I've ever seen. Delicious! Go here!	1
Just finished a simple but very enjoyable dinner here. I had a grilled lobster while my wife had the burger. Both dinners were delicious. Both dinners came with a small side salad and fries. Nice spacious restaurant located midblock on 19th street. No wait and the service was attentive. The menu is very limited to the name of the restaurant but that make for a quick decision without agonizing over an extensive menu. With 2 cocktails dinner came to $80 including tax and tip. Very reasonable for NYC. Will definitely be back.	1
Burger &amp; Lobster operates on the simplest of premises: burger, lobster, and lobster roll, each with a salad and fries, all for $20. (Full disclosure: I used to hit up Burger &amp; Lobster back in Mayfair from time to time when the lines were seemingly endless at dinner time, though it's been a while.) That being said, the reason to go to Burger &amp; Lobster is for the freaking lobster.  Why not get the $20 burger, you ask? Because at around the same price point, you can get truly great burgers from Cherche Midi, Roberta's, the Spotted Pig, Raoul's, Costata, Lafayette... the list goes on. (Yes, I realize there are timing issues with some of these, but the point still holds.) I love the British, I really do, and I miss living in London every morning when I step into the piss-riddled subway, but those betches aren't exactly known for the burger-makin' ways. So why does B&amp;L still deserve four stars even though I've effectively told you not to eat 1/3 of the menu? Because you go for the lobster. For $20, you get a delicious, lemon-buttery lobster (1.5 lbs., grilled or steamed) with fries and a salad. In New York, that's a goddamn steal. Or the lobster roll (which is still usually cheaper than MP at Ed's and better tasting than Luke's... more lobster meat, regardless). I assume the people who order burgers just don't like lobster or have an allergy of some sort, otherwise you're making the wrong decision. Though you and your date can go half and half and they'll split the entrees in the kitchen so you don't have to fight over who got the bigger bits. When you walk in, you're greeted by the lobster tanks (one day to be filled with the descendants of the First Lobster present at the birth of Christ, I imagine), reinforcing the notion that the lobster is always the bestest and freshest choice. (You can also buy bigger lobsters by the pound around $28 per with unlimited fries and salad.) It's true, the service was still working out a few kinks over the weekend, but that's why it's called a "soft open," kiddos. If they still exhibit the same lackadaisical indifference in a month, then it's cause for concern. But now I am just happy to have a reservation-free (read: drop-in) dining option in one of my most-trafficked but least-favorite neighborhoods. (Homie can only go to Just Salad so many times a month, you know?) To those who take issue with the lack of menu choices and inability to accommodate all dietary restrictions--just don't go. There is no god-given right to vegan/vegetarian menu options, and considering the market niche B&amp;L chooses to occupy, it seems like they don't actually give any fucks. You made a lifestyle choice, they made a business choice; now let's all move on.	1
Fantastic service! Great food!	1
Loved the place, great service! Definitely try the lobster roll.	1
Fresh expansion from London. As the other reviews point out, it's just 3 items on the dinner menu:  nice size crustacean (grilled or boiled, your preference), crustacean on a buttery garlic bread, or burger.  Each served with a salad and fries, and each for $20 bucks.  Oh, and full bar! The lobster:  nice size with tail and claw, cooked perfectly.  Worth the $20 compared to other places in the city which serve lobster.   The lobster roll:  again a nice serving of meat, with the right amount of mayo (not heavy or over-done).  The garlic in the roll wasn't overpowering either.  Again good for the $ in comparison. The burger:  didn't have it, but it looked like a big patty o' meat.  But for 20 bucks, that burger needs to wow. The sides:  salad was 'eh', just a salad.  And the fries are the thin cut fries but nothing special IMO. The space is huge and open so great for groups, but don't expect a quiet, intimate meal. Our server was friendly, answered all our ridiculous questions and checked up on us often enough. This is a great place to satisfy a lobster craving.	1
Lobster roll was unbelievable for $20, score! Sauce Boss says: make sure to add the lemon butter sauce, dip them fries in it too.	1
Fantastic new place in NY! Highly recomended!!! 3 position in menu: burger, lobster, lobster roll. All for $20! You can add to your burger cheese and bacon for the same price, great service, nice stuff	1
No menu, fixed prices and very big tables could have been repellent but not at all! Lobster/lobster rolls/burger is the choice you have. Went for the burger: very good, well cooked and very good amount of food (you have one salad and some fries too). Would definitely come back.	1
I love this place! Spacious in a way I wish more NYC restaurants were. Well decorated and designed interior and great spot for parties downstairs. Love the simple menu. All three items- burger, lobster, and lobster roll hit the spot. Very well priced- great value. And cool place to come hang out at the bar and have a drink, they have awesome cocktails on tap! Also had the cava which went perfectly with our grilled and steamed lobsters (they offer it both ways so we tried one of each). Great big comfy booths. Our waiter Cillian was a pleasure. This will be a regular for us now! Such an easy fun meal which is a rarity in NYC.	1
I discovered this place while looking for something else...thanks Yelpers!!! What a nice spot. I like how the owner came out to talk people...nice touch. Like everyone has said there are no menus which I like a lot. Your not overwhelmed looking through a massive menu with hundreds of items. Speaking of items the lobster roll was the best ever!! I thought Lukes was the best...not anymore. It was huge and very filling. The fries were cooked just right and the salad was tasty. Again very filling! There was so much juicy lobster in the roll I couldn't believe it. And for the price you cannot beat it. I can see this being a nice chill spot. I am not sure if there are happy hour specials. It doesn't matter with such good food. Next time I might try a whole lobster...Yumms!!!	1
Only my first visit so i dont feel comfortable giving it 5 *s but man i like this place. Had the lobster and the burger, the lobster was good but the BURGER was da best. It was 1 of the 3 best burgers in nyc. I had it medium well with cheese and bacon. Every bite was juciy and i didn't need ketchup. Great burger! Service was awesome.	1
Went to Burger and Lobster for the first time and it definitely will not be the last.   No menu but with only 3 choices - burger, lobster or lobster roll.  All served with salad and french fries.  I have to admit that this was about the BEST burger  (including cheese, bacon, lettuce and tomato) I have ever eaten and the salad was amazing. The fries were blazing hot when served and crispy.  My husband had the lobster and said it was the best lobster he has eaten in the tri-state area.  And it was only $20 for a 1.5 lb lobster.   We shared the chocolate mousse dessert - it was to die for!!!!  The staff and management was friendly and attentive  So worth the trip from NJ and I can't wait to return.	1
Came here opening night and was pleasantly surprised by all the goodness that we received.  First of all the place is beautiful, it has a great vibe, casual yet sophisticated. Something you do not always find in NYC. I got the lobster roll and my husband the burger.  My family from out of town decided on the combo which was the burger and lobster.  The food was fresh, delicious and simple.  The service was also great, the staff was very attentive.  We will definitely be back soon.	1
The space and atmosphere were great. Really nice spot to hang out.  The place needs more food options though. If you're vegeterian (like many people in NYC), all you will be able to eat are fries and a side salad. If you're like me and don't like lobster, your only option is a burger. And burgers really aren't that special...so what's the draw here? Would I go back? Yes, for drinks only. Hopefully the owner catches on to the fact that the lack of menu diversity will push a large group of people away. I'd go very often if they offered more food; the atmosphere was awesome. I just don't see how they will be able to meet the costs of the large space with such limited offerings.	1
Went here with my girlfriend last night and we were both extremely happy with our meal. She had the lobster roll and I had the lobster with garlic butter. We ended up sharing, and both items were delectable. The French fries are also stand out (especially dipped in garlic butter), very reminiscent of McDonalds fries. The restaurant is so huge that I would very much doubt you would ever have to wait to be seated for a table of 4 or less. Our waitress was very nice.	1
Fantastic burger! Great lobster! Great staff!!!! Super friendly and great customer service!	1
This is now my favorite restaurant in New York City.  The restaurant was huge! When you first walk in, you'll be greeted by a full wall bar and some friendly hostesses who will then take you to one of the many super comfy red booths that are spaced out enough that you can't hear or really notice your neighbors. They offer three main plates--burger (that you can get with bacon and/or cheese for no extra cost), lobster rolls, or whole lobster served grilled or steamed for $20. Yep! Just $20. All these dishes are served with a small salad and the best French fries that has ever graced my lips. They offer other combo deals as well. I would suggest the grilled lobster with garlic butter sauce.  The staff is unbelievably kind. I feel like they imported the staff from someplace else because the service was incredible. They were attentive and they served us as if we were royals (shout out to Zach and the other Zach).  If you do decide to dine at this incredible place, get a desert to top everything off! The chocolate mousse is to die for!	1
Never a disappointment. Love the burger. Lobster steamed! Not grilled. Here every Tuesday.	1
Love B&amp;L in London, love the fact that it's the same menu, but 50 per cent cheaper here ($20 rather than $20). Nothing fancy, but really good food, a large space so there's usually no wait, and cute cocktails.	1
Food, ambience, and service was exemplary.  Great value.	1
Great food, great service. The grilled lobster was just done perfectly. I felt like everyone at the restaurant was there to really ensure we are having a great time. I wish more restaurants in the city have this kind of hospitality.	1
Fantastic food for only offering 3 meals.. Sat at the bar and had a great dinner with our bartender Jess who was delightful and provided impeccable service!! Seriously fantastic drink offerings. Try the Soho Punch.	1
I was told about Burger &amp; Lobster by my colorist, whose salon is nearby, this past Saturday. We hadn't eaten anything, so it sounded perfect. Wandered over, and from the moment we set foot in the door, were blown away. It's my new favorite resto in NYC. The ambience is great-very chill vibe, cool, huge loft space, warm and whimsical decor...felt like no other place in Manhattan. Loved the lobster traps and charming murals, and our server, Zach, was fantastic-adorable, funny, hard working. We ordered a martini, and the lobster rolls...to die for. Huge portions, chunks of delicious lobster meat, a generous cone of crispy fries and excellent little side salad...heaven. Everyone there -and it was pretty busy-looked happy, content and mellow. We felt like we were out of town or somewhere in Europe. Love the fact that there are only two choices-they focus on this fresh, amazing food and do it right, rather than having a 25 page menu with scattershot selections...the British owners know their demo-a perfect place for NYC. Love the Flatiron district, and this charming place now gives me more reasons to hop the subway downtown. I plan on returning very soon and have been raving about it to all my friends...can't wait to come back.  I really hope it's a hit-pretty sure it will be.  Kudos, kudos, kudos!	1
I LOVE this place!!  I have eaten in the London restaurants a few times and am so happy it is now is NYC.  You cannot beat a lobster meal for $20 and the atmosphere was wonderful as well.	1
Great lobster roll, French fries and very delicious salad. Had it with Six Point Crisp beer which was also great. My friend loved the burger - very juicy and flavorful. Friendly service which was slightly hurried even though the place was not crowded but we all said we'd definitely go back.	1
Great concept delivered with great quality. The lobster roll is definitely one of the best in the city and will easily rival Pearl Oyster Bar and Luke's, I actually think that this lobster roll is better. The lobster looked terrific and my friend enjoyed it very much. Burgers are made with a proprietary LaFrieda party and are great. So are the fries. The restaurant is in a comfortable space and provides good service. Everybody at our table said that they are looking forward to coming back. Superb soft opening and will only get better.	1
Exceeded expectations, very good for what it is, favorable prices for NYC, accommodated our baby- we will be back	1
A party of 6 of us came here on a Saturday evening without reservations but plenty of tables were available as this place seats well over 300. I can imagine the noise level being extremely loud when filled to capacity. They only had a printed drinks menu as there were only 3 food item choices: lobster roll, 10oz burger, or 1.5lb whole lobster (steamed or grilled). All served with a side of salad and fries for $20. They apparently have a combo of some sort but our server never mentioned it. I found out after reading some yelp reviews afterwards. I had the lobster roll which was probably the second best I've ever had. (Nothing can compare to Red's in Wiscasset, Maine). Lots of lobster meat (including non claw meat) lightly dressed served on a buttery, toasted New England style split top bun. The side of salad was forgettable but the shoe string fries were perfectly crisp. The bf's burger was huge. I had a bite and it was decent. Did not personally have the whole lobster but one of the dinner mates had it grilled and she said it was good. We were all too full for dessert so no comment on that. It's an affordable place to take your date out to a lobster dinner unless she chooses one of the monsters from the tank up front. Those will run you much more than 20 bucks.	1
Fancy restaurant. It's my new spot in Meatpacking District. It's location under the entrance of High Line Park on little 12th Street. The atmosphere is really nice and cool. All of the staff are friendly and look wonderful in the multicolor polo shirt and white jeans. Food here is really amazing!!! The cleanness of the place and food plate are great!!! Tommy, you have done a wonderful job!!! I really recommend to try the desert. You won't regret.	1
I don't know where to begin with this review except for that I don't often call restaurants Amazing, but this one, this one was actually amazing. This place is the literal opposite of Carbone.  I walked in and felt like I was walking into a tropical paradise. Light, airy, beautiful morano glass chandeliers hanging from the ceiling- you are supposed to feel like you are in Italy but I just felt like I was in a happy springtime glass box.  The hostesses were not pretentious and our waiter was such a cute. He was knowledgeable, not to pushy, made his suggestions but didn't force them on us. Every single thing we ordered was delicious.  We started with 2 cecina's- tuna and gamberetti ( shrimp). You are served the chickpea pancakes in a cast iron skillet and you make little roll ups with the fillings. The gamberetti was delicious- the texture of the dish, the temperature against the warm cecinas, the crunch- not sure what was going on but it was a party in my mouth.  If I was doing the PR for Santina, i would be very focused on the squash carpaccio. It was honestly next level delish. Brown sugar, butter, toasted pumpkin seeds- yes, you need to try this.  The branzino crudo was good, nothing to write home about but the calamari wild rice salad- another masterpiece. Santina does texture VERY VERY well- they have mastered the idea of combining hot with cold with crunch with vegetables into a savory, unique and delictable dish. I honestly LOVED this rice salad. The one discalimer is if you don't like parsley/cilantro type of garnishes, you may want to tell them to hold that off.  The pastas- PASTAAAA PARTY!! Rigatoni- bomb. Blue crab spaghetti- Savory Heaven. Chitarra (seafood and sausage pasta FYI- mmmmm!!! Broccoli &amp; Pecorino Rice- my least fave but other people at the table Loved- but to be fair, the calamari rice just was that good it would be hard to be another rice dish on that table.  All in all, Santina was Everything and more. not to mention, the prices were so fair! Unlike carbone, you feel like you need to donate a kidney to eat there. Go to santina, GO soon- because it's the best restaurant I have been to in a Long long time.	1
I thought this provides a solid food and service.  It is located under the staircase that starts the highline from the south side, which is also next to the new Whitney Museum opening soon.  I gotta say, the neon sign looks tacky, but nothing is tacky once you go in. I was treated by a nice hostess who led me to a table, and the server explained patiently about some of the questions I had about the menu.  I ended up ordering calamari rice salad and swordfish, grilled.  Man both of them were fantastic.  about the salad I loved the hard texture of rice with grilled calamari, then was tad touched with some sort of vinegar.  Then the swordfish.  It was perfectly cooked.  It was fully cooked but the texture was so tender and still very moist.  The acidic taste of olive worked perfectly with the fish.   This place has the sort of "casual ambience with nicer food". and it worked quite well.  I also liked the server's outfit.  It was fresh and new, but didn't look like out of date of anything. I would definitely go back to try other dishes, and see how my review changes.	1
Ramon, pictured here, is a great representative of the vibe of Santina. Hospitality was the top takeaway on my quick visit which included cecina &amp; giardinia crudité.  Attention to detail is prevalent in presentation, like the dishware, hot sauces, and background music to set the tone. The horseshoe marble bar generates a ton of energy, for a young, vibrant &amp; beautiful crowd.	1
Yet another big new restaurant from the Torrisi team, this latest one is on par with the excellence of the others, but maybe not as satisfying since they offer mostly healthier, lighter options. Located way out west under the southern tip of the Highline, which feels like a bleak, empty street on a weeknight, you are immediately transported to a happy, breezy place once you step inside the glass cube of a restaurant (you can imagine how hopping this place will be once they inevitably start serving brunch). On to the food, they tried to sell us on the wonderful Crudite to start, but I couldn't justify dropping $20 for raw vegetables, no matter how good the 3 dipping sauces were. We got a little bit of everything from the several sections of the menu and had an excellent, satisfying meal: - Cecina with Calabrian Tuna ($10) In this first section, you pick a type of filling to go with the "cecina", which is like a thin pancake served in a hot pan. We went with the tuna tartare, which made for a really delicious bite when wrapped up in the spongy, hot wrap. - (predictably, I skipped over the Vegetables + Fish section. I hear the Fritto Misto is excellent, but I passed on that due to my shellfish allergy). - Tricolor Splendido Salad ($17) When I heard this salad was topped with thinly sliced tuna, it emerged as the obvious choice, over other inferior sounding arugula and kale options. It was very good, a light refreshing bowl with plenty of delicious tuna on top, somewhat justifying that price tag. - Guanciale e Pepe ($15) This was incredible, and definitely the best thing we got. One of the three rice options, this was so good I killed my half of the bowl in a matter of seconds. Topped with a mountain of cheese, once you mix it in with the pork and the short grain rice, you will see how addictive it is and immediately want another bowl. - Rigatoni Norma ($15) Also topped with a giant pile of cheese, this was amazing too. Just like the rice, my only complaint is that there just wasn't enough of this. Perfectly al dente and piping hot, this was another very satisfying mid-course choice. - Swordfish Dogana ($28) The sole entree we tried, this was pretty good, but I would rather have two pastas for nearly the same price. I guess it's good to have some protein though, so this is a good choice if you like a firm, mild fish swimming in butter. - Taggiasca Potatoes ($7) Following the healthier theme, they have these in lieu of fried potatoes. They were still reasonably crispy and very flavorful, so it's a good choice to go with your entree (there's only one other side, Garlic Greens, so I'd definitely go with the potatoes). - Cannolis ($10) These cannolis were pretty excellent. Served warm, there were three of them in different flavors - coconut, cherry and pistachio. They were nice and crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside. The only thing that would make these better is if they were served with some ice cream. - Lime Meringue ($10) After the much-talked about meringue at Cosme, it seems like they're trying to make meringues a thing now. I don't mind that, as this was another excellent version, this one with lemon and lime inside and pine nuts on top. The server brings it to the table and cracks it in front of you, adding the lemon and lime filling on the spot. Cut through it to get to the cakey base at the bottom for a really excellent bite and a great way to end the meal. This should be another hit for the rapidly expanding Torrisi empire, as the food blogs will help perpetuate the buzz over the next few months. I would definitely like to come back to try more of the excellent pastas and some additional entrees.	1
KenScale: 8.5/10 I've been to every restaurant opened by the super-duo of Rich Torrisi and Mario Carbone and loved every one of them. Starting from humble beginning at Torrisi Italian Specialties (which recently shut down temporarily to elevate its already-outstanding tasting menu to another level), they've been on an expansion mode for a while now. Santina is the latest project from this duo, this time a coastal Italian restaurant below the High Line inspired by chef Carbone's grandmother from Sicily. This is another winner from the growing Torrisi-Carbone empire.  I've always been a fan of intensity and boldness of food served at Torrisi-Carbone restaurants, from the retro Italian-American temple of Carbone to the twist on French cuisine at Dirty French. If you walked into Santina not knowing who opened this restaurant, you wouldn't imagine in your dream this is a place from Torrisi-Carbone duo. Everything is so lightened compared to the incumbent restaurants, from the bright dining room to the music that makes you feel like you're sitting at a café somewhere on the Caribbean to the airy feel to all the dishes that I tried. Every meal at Santina must start with cecina (chickpea-flour pancakes) that you can wrap different food of your choosing (my recommendation is to go with lamb tartare) and house made spicy sauce. I proceeded to try two pastas, and this is where the restaurant truly shined. Both chitarra santina (which came in a pretty unique combination of lamb and seafood) and spaghetti blue crab don't have the rustic touch that you would expect at other outstanding pasta restaurants, but they were exceptional with the way pasta noodles were cooked and the cleanness to flavor without overpowering your palate. In particular, my dining companion couldn't stop raving about the spaghetti blue crab, and I agree it is one of the best pasta dishes I've had this year so far. Santina is more focused on seafood and vegetables than meat, so for the main dishes, I sampled two fish dishes. Swordfish tasted a little bit like pork chop in texture (which is by no means a bad thing), but the seasoning could've been lightened a little bit. On the other hand, bass was truly outstanding, working beautifully with peppers and tangerines for an airy dish that you would love to have on the Mediterranean coast. For dessert, chocolate diplomatic was a nice finish to the meal, with salted chocolate that wasn't overly sweet to my liking. I really loved the bright décor and lively ambiance of the restaurant. It would probably be the lightest and most fun among the restaurants in the Torrisi-Carbone portfolio. The restaurant has a full bar with some fun cocktail menus that all look tropical in appearance. Getting a reservation, as with any hot spot from Torrisi-Carbone team, would be quite difficult to make sure to book way in advance or try your luck at the bar. It's been a brutal winter in New York, and Santina would offer an welcome sanctuary where you can explore the ethereal touch of coastal Italian cuisine.	1
Loved the light and bright decor - and the immediate feeling that spring was in its way. Service was friendly, if a little incessant. We ordered the octopus skewer, which was tasty, succulent and with a lovely meaty bbq char. The tricolor salad was mixed leaves, with a tuna carpacio, it was fresh and delicious - but we were maybe a little disappointed hoping for the trad mozzarella, basil and tomato salad. Maybe a little over dressed. The third dish was radish and smoked salmon salad   - stunning colour a, beautiful succulent salmon, and fresh crispy radish in a variety of colours. Each dish matched the colours of the beautiful Mediterranean ceramics - that were a really unique aesthetic element of the restaurant. We loved the fresh and bright condiments on the table - the deep tomato paste, and the zesty salsa verde. A wonderful spot for a virtuous and tasty girly lunch or supper.	1
Is there a 6 STAR option on YELP?  Cause this place deserves them. I can't stand all the overhype, never get in, we are booked solid, places lately in the city, and in the MPD, this place is going to be ridiculous in the warm weather months when all the posers come out................ However, we decided to give it a try on a 15F degree night in Feb, when no one is in the city, except nuts like us.  I loved Torrisi's Italian Specialties back when they were doing tastings for dinner years back, and this is the same team (now these guys are huge). Called and they said they were booked, but we walked in at 6:45 pm, and the hostess was so nice.  They reserve tables for walk-ins.    Lovely staff.  Seated us right away at a great table.  Palm trees, sunny colors and gorgeous Venetian chandeliers to make us feel nice and warm.  Waiters look like they are in Miami w/ white pants. FOOD: This was one of the top 10 meals I have eaten in my life....no joke.   There is no red meat here, fish and lamb with a chicken option.......vegetables are the showcase here.    ~The Cecina (chickpea pancake in 4 pieces) w/ your choice of filling.  We chose the gamberetti (baby shrimp).  Amazing with their homemade basil hot sauce and tomato jam.     ~Then the cured salmon w/ heirloom watermelon radishes, gorgeous and special.  I want this again today. ~The squash carpaccio w/ pepitas was the top vegetarian dish I have ever eaten. ~Wild rice salad w/ grilled calamari, cukes and tomatoes.  I felt like I was in Sardinia.  This was amazing.......we had a side of potatoes puttanesca.  Potatoes were sliced goodfellas thin, stacked like dominoes.    WOW factor all the way. Service was so nice and friendly, from the hostess to the busboys to the server.     I can't wait to go back to this fabulous restaurant.	1
Fantastic Cecina. Service was passionate. Food was extremely fresh and authentic Mediterranean. Highly recommend.	1
I should tell you, i don't like Carbone. The dishes are classic that is true, but it feels uninspired (as they try to make you feel the old school ambiance.) Santina on the other hand is the gem of this Restaurant Group, even though it is new. The menu is very good. You can start with their pancake like cecinas, which are quite filling but also thin appetizers that you fill with various ingredients, my choice was the shrimp and it was very good. The squash carpaccio is otherworldly, so get it.  As an entree, it depends on what you like, but their pastas are quite good and you should try rigatoni norma if you like it. For desserts, the obvious choice is the tricolore cannolis, which are quite filling as a combination and they are freshly made so you should expect something way more genuine than the stuff that every other bakery has. Also, their chocolate diplomatico is amazing, much like a chocolate tart but still completely inspired and also light. The staff is very attentive. The location is touristy but well chosen. The decoration is something that makes you feel in Hawaii. (So even though this is an italian fare, you should expect to see the sun shine.) Even their restrooms are thoroughly thought. As far as i can tell, one of the best new places in town.	1
This week's fashionplate is the Santina, another amazing creation from the Carbone team.  I think I need to marry one of them and I'll never go hungry and always be happy.  Lol jk not really.  This cheerful and playful restaurant is located right underneath the Highline near Hector's Cafe the spot of many Law &amp; Order SVU episodes in Meatpacking.  I loved the open window  concept and the square bar.  A friend and me had reservations for a while and were seated pretty promptly. My friend started of with wine but I decided to start with a fun cocktail, the Mangeanelli Punch which was similar to a fun margarita.  We were starving so then we proceeded to start with the chickpeas pancake with avocado which was super yummy and different.  We then decided to to split the Rigatoni Norma and the steak with shallots.  Yum we wanted more of the the delicious eggplant pasta dish that is one of my favorite dishes at any Italian spot, but especially here.  The steak was also very good and cooked perfectly medium rare.  I decided to get a glass of champagne at the end of the meal as we perused the dessert menu and settled on the lime mergina which was light and the perfect end to the meal.	1
This place is such a gem! I was a little hesitant after looking at the menu with NO descriptions on how any of the dishes are prepared. I really thought it was going to end up being as pretentious as every other place in the Meatpacking district. BUT our waiter was outstanding and did not even bat a lash when we were (what seemed like) nagging him to death to explain every little detail.  We started with the GIARDINIA CRUDITE with lamb tartar and avocado trapanese. AHHHH-MAZING! We also got a dozen oysters and we were a little reluctant after our waiter explained they were prepared with a bit of olive oil. I must say, as someone who barely squeezes a bit of lemon on my oysters...these had to be the most delicious oysters I have ever had in my life, hands down. For the main course we had the Spaghetti Bluecrab and the SHRIMP ZINGARA, both were phenomenal dishes. The only thing we both didn't care for was that the Spaghetti Bluecrab had claws in there for garnish. We didn't know if we should eat it or not and then heard the waiter describe the dish again at the table next to us who repeated that it was in fact, just a garnish. The canolis we had for desert were delicious! They were super fresh and served warm.  Drinks were superb, I suggest the view from Positano. I do not normally like gin and was a little upset most of their specialty drinks were made with gin but they were FANTASTIC! The ambiance was GREAT! All the staff wearing different bright colored polo shirts giving the place a beachy vibe. I felt like I was on vacation while I was dining, how many places can you say that about in NY? The fact that they paid such attention to detail to really give this place a consistent upscale beachy ambiance is great! The staff is UNBELIEVABLE. Super attentive, not overbearing and extremely nice and informative. I wish I could give this place MORE than 5 stars and it was easier to get a reservation! HAH! LOVE LOVE LOVE!	1
Thank you, Santina, for reminding me what a joy it is to be alive.  tl;dr This place is f**king fantastic.  Beautiful interior: decor alludes to the high bar of New York restaurants, which is La Grenouille (if you weren't aware). I believe when dining out (because it isn't just "eating" at a place like Santina) you should feel immersed--plunged, if you will--into a habitat. I want to be consumed, aesthetically, as I consume.  There is something of an aquarium to Santina, what with the glass enclosure of the place, and a little Koons-Miami kitsch (and I checked, they'll be able to open up the doors in the summer...can you imagine, with the Whitney around the corner, an open air restaurant of this caliber...? About to be like, the J Law of restaurants). Fish, all of us, floating in a shaded, tranquil eddy.  Tranquil, yes: you may on occasion unconsciously feel irritated when dining out, and this often has something to do with the music: too loud, not tasteful, etc. That won't occur here. Be prepared to experience a distinct mood, and hear everything from Ray Barretto to Marino Marini.  The service was impeccable. Plates were removed, glasses were filled, questions were answered. All were polite and warm! Impressive as it's so new.  Now, what you've been waiting for: the food. F*ck! It was exquisite. We had:  Squash Carpaccio Octopus Spiedini Tortellini Sorrentina Rigatoni Norma Chocolate Diplomatico  Tricolore Cannoli Astonishing was the carpaccio (4 real) and excellent the octopus, though accompanying eggplant were not quite up to par. Tortellini and Rigatoni made it clear how irrelevant the rest of the US (sans LA) is, desserts were shocking (layered + complex and perfect melange of textures). We were so pleased with the food that we were inspired to behave irrationally--to throw plates and/or slap infants. Both of these bizarre (and potentially criminal) actives were discussed.  I'm compelled to write this review out of a genuine feeling that life is really very grand. If you've read to this sentence, it likely means you have the ability (you live in or will visit New York) and the means to give Santina a try. For that, be content.	1
Major food group has done it again !! From the moment we enter we know we are not in Kansas anymore. Beautifully dressed hostess seems like she stepped out of a Caribbean paradise fashion magazine greets us passionately. Eyeing the beautiful Booths in the middle of the dining room we ask can we? And she tried and we can ! Thank you ! As we look into the menu, the server immediately comes &amp; make sure we know what we are looking at, answering every question we have and then some. So our foodgasmic experience begins, first off the cocktails !! Presentation's a plus. Flavor Strong, balanced &amp; soooo good. ZZ clam bar should be proud. Second...appetizers~ Calabrian tuna Cecina &amp; squash carpaccio WOW super good. Came with two house sauces that's amazing also. Then we had the artichoke grape &amp; octopus skewer WOW again ! Four apps and two cocktails in its safe to say that this will be in the top five new hotspot in the summer of NYC baby. So book that reservation NOW. Ambience can not be more banging, great unique music selection ! Great bar scene ! Two more cocktails please with our grilled porgy...also delicious. Now down to the last act..desserts. We ordered the cannolis trio and the lime meringue, not impressed. Dirty's french desserts we yearn for. Santina is not just another restaurant in the meatpacking district...it's the heart and soul(food) of the MPD.	1
Don't worry about the fact that the menu will leave you guessing about what you just ordered, all of the food was delicious. Fun and lively atmosphere. We were seated in one drink's time after our reservation. Save room for the cannolis (the pistachio is the best)!	1
Really awesome experience at Santina last night. Awesome atmosphere, good service, great food. Not much more you can ask for. I'll keep this short- if you want a good meal you can't go wrong with anything we ordered (4 people) so I will list them as follows:   Got a cecina with the tuna and avocado, both great.  Then moved on to the squash carpaccio (which is a must, and incredible).  The octopus was very good but in a place like new york city where octopus has become a very popular dish, I have had better, but that's more a testament to the octopus I've had (gato has my favorite).  One of the things no one is talking about in their reviews... the spicy paste that comes in the little pot on the table. Use it generously. Pasta course: got the rigatoni norma and tortellini. Rigatoni= awesome, tortellini, ok.  Main: Got the lobster, Guanciale e pepe, and spicy potatoes to split.  Great experience, amazing food. Would 1000% go back.	1
This place is great, throughly impressed by the decor, music, ambiance, more importantly by the food. Every item that we ordered was better than the last. Started with the spicy tuna and the chickpea pancake, a most paired with green salsa, very bright flavors, delicious. Then we had the squash carpaccio and the salmon and radish, both equally great starters, good sized portions, and wonderful flavor and technique. For my main, I had the porgy, beautifully cooked, perfection. The only note I have is, its a little loud, but that is to be expected in an all glass restaurant.	1
Probably not fair to review any place based on a normal opening night, but this was a VERY smooth, very professional opening.  The staff was ready (not their first restaurant), the place was well-designed and the food was delicious. We sampled a lot of dishes across a great selection - all of it was comfortable and fun. Flavors were fresh and pronounced and the creativity in the kitchen was an important part of the experience. The bright square bar is well-stocked and staffed. The over-all design is interesting. The place is new and was built for this restaurant. Not a common occurrence in Manhattan. It isn't tucked into an older building or in the lobby of a larger new building. The glass box with its bold colors and wild lighting (I was informed they were Murano chandeliers) are all part of the event and it all works great.   A fun, colorful, and somehow confident energy. The atmosphere was friendly with a creative buzz, the staff could not have been more attentive, professional and - importantly - helpful.  Granted, it was opening night, but I didn't sense that the enthusiasm would go away any time soon. We wanted to sample as much as we could and ordered several items. Happy gluttons, we finished everything. We had the Crudite with 3 sauces, surprisingly presented - a large pot filled with the (fresh and tasty) vegetables looking very close to their natural state stuffed into the crushed ice in the pot. We had one of the Cecinas, ours was sort of a heavier crepe - surprisingly good with various sauces to fold into it.  We ordered the Octopus Spiedini - done just right. The Rigatoni Norma is a lesson in how to make pasta perfectly - a great balance of flavor - and the deceptive Guanciale E Pepe looks like a light, fluffy rice dish, but it is almost just the opposite. It was rich, tasty, and substantial - maybe my favorite item on their menu so far. We ordered a few more dishes and then 3 of the deserts (not on the menu). It was all delicious. A very confident menu, a very professional staff, all in a beautiful, well-appointed glass box. I don't know if I'll ever get back in as I expect the popularity of this place to soar, but it is definitely a new favorite.  Great location (just south of the Standard Hotel) and a very interesting addition to the neighborhood.	1
First of all, Christine the hostess is so amazing, chased me down the street in freezing wind to give me my birthday gift bag which I had left in the restaurant.  Secondly, the food and decor are amazing along with very good service.  The menu is a really cool, fresh concept and complemented with house sauces that are to die for.  From appetizers to entrees to veggie sides to desserts--all outstanding.  Can't wait to go back and try more stuff!	1
What they got right: the décor, the music, the service, the cocktails are to die for and the appetizers were amazing especially the anchovies, the cecina with shrimp which was TO DIE FOR, the crudité which was beautiful and fresh, and the wine list was great. What they didn't get right: my waiter was very nice but he was not well educated about the ingredients. I tasted cheese in the pesto and he said there was no cheese. I'm lactose intolerant and woke up sick today. For sure, there was cheese and enough for the flavor to be obvious. I also ordered a bottle of wine which he asked me about 4 times because he didn't know the wine menu well. The spaghetti with crab was WAY overcooked. The noodles were practically limp. The lobster catalan which the waiter said was one of the best entrees was just ok. Overall: would I go back, yes because of the cocktails and the appetizers. I'll try another pasta and entrée next time.	1
I am really impressed with this place, the atmosphere,  the music, the way the waiters are dress and the decoration were a great combination As soon as we got inside, it was like if you were brought into an exotic and fun place.  Drinks are good but the best was the food, the tuna tartare was amazing, the squash carpaccio, the artichokes &amp; grapes and the octopus spiedini to start were incredible  For main courses the guajillo chicken, guanchiale pepe and the swordfish dogana were out of control For dessert they have a three kinds and all were excellent	1
The Amalfi Coast comes to NYC.  I have been a big fan of the Torrisi Brothers and now I am a bigger fan.  Santina is like being transported to Positano.  From the simple but beautiful  decor, to the fun music and the knowledgeable and friendly staff, and most amazing THE FOOD.  One of the items I would highly suggest is the Cecina (a crepe like dish) which comes with various choices to fill. The Calabrian Tuna is what we chose and it was spectacular.  Other items that stood out were the Shrimp Zingara and an Eggplant dish that was served like a steak.  Everything we ordered was delicious.  Do not forget the dessert.  We went for the cannoli which came as three mini...coconut, cherry and pistachio.  My wife and I can not wait to return and try the Brunch!	1
Trust me food is terrific.  I know it is supposed to be lighter Mediterranean fare but there are big bold flavors in every dish.  Price and portions reasonable.  Nothing disappoints.  Reservations are tough so book month ahead.  Might try to eat at bar before 6 if rez not available.  I was skeptical of crepe-like cecina but tuna we tried was winner.  Artichokes and octopus both were fabulous and Santina pasta with mussels and sausage sounds odd but maybe my favorite dish.  Bass main was complex preparation I would have again.  Chicken maybe a step below as was bite sized cannoli that everybody else raves about.  Service informed and good although disappeared for long stretches.  One criticism was waiter request to order all at once.  Would have preferred to order in stages as meal would have been more enjoyable that way.  Other criticism was recommendation of $90 white when I asked for moderate price.  Really.  I said lower and next pick was $75.  Finally settled on $40 Greek white that was just fine.  Great location, nice space and upscale crowd.  Best spot in city at this price range right now.	1
The food is excellent and the menu offers a great selection. The service was very attentive and friendly. The atmosphere is bright and lively. Maybe because it's new and getting a lot of buzz, but it's always busy and I would definitely suggest making a reservation. The bar is first come first serve, but also fills up quickly. Arrived at 7:30pm for dinner and there was no standing room and all tables were booked. Went back at 10pm, and the bar had quieted down, but all tables were still full. Overall, a great experience and highly recommended.	1
AMAZING!  The ambiance is awesome with detail in all the decor from it's lighting to the gorgeous hand-painted plates. The staff was very friendly and it was really convenient that they serve a full menu at the bar when we didn't want to wait for a regular table. The menu is only one page and doesn't have descriptions of what's in the dishes but the staff is  knowledge and the waiter was willing to give suggestions and answer any questions. The food was awesome! A perfect blend of fresh ingredients no matter what you get it's going to taste good, definitely going back but make sure to call for a reservation	1
This is my new favorite restaurant in NYC! Sigh... the bass dish was heaven with tomatoes, peppers, oranges and topped with ultra-fresh herbs. The space is so cheerful with summery colors and murano glass chandeliers. I want whomever decorated this to do my apartment. Lovely service and food. I almost don't want to share this because then it will be too packed for me to come back. Enjoy!	1
This place is very solid, especially when you compare it to Dirty French in its first month. Yes, the decor is cheesy but I really welcomed the tropical vibes on a cold winter NYC night. Our waiter told us that in the summer time all the glass windows will be opened. Will definitely come back for that! The garganelli punch was delicious and served in a pineapple cup, which is always a win.  The cecina (crepe) was delicious. We got the tuna tartare. Squash carpaccio looks boring but it was very delicious. Don't judge a book by its cover! The radish and salmon was decent but I wouldn't order it again. I found the salmon to be a bit too fishy. The octopus spedini was on point and perfectly cooked. I could've made a meal out of the octopus. We also got the fritto misto, which was delicious and airy. The caper sauce was the perfect dipping sauce.  Argula fig salad was solid but nothing special. Good if you want some leafy greens. The MUST order here is the wild rice calamari salad. Everyone agreed that it was the best thing we had last night. Everyone raves about the guanciale pepe rice. It was nothing special. I would skip this for sure. The eggplant norma was good enough but didn't see much eggplant in the bowl. It was nothing like the pasta norma that I've had in Sicily or Sardinia.   For mains, we shared the meatballs. These were good, lighter because they were made of turkey. Not comparable to the meatballs at Carbone though. The lobster was the worst thing we ordered last night. It was overcooked and bland. The spices and flavors did not blend well together. They were trying for a thai tom yum inspiration and it just didn't work. The potatos puttanesca are nothing to write home about but nice as a side.  The cannolis were okay. The cannoli was crispy but tasted too oily. The merengue was disgusting and I enjoy a good merengue. You know when that smell when you have eggs and water? Yeah...I've never been really impressed with the desserts from these guys at their restaurants so I guess I shouldn't be surprised.  Loved that they had quite the selection of Sardinian red vinos. By quite the selection, I mean 4, which is 3-4 more than most. Everyone loved it. The service was OVERLY attentive. Our waiter was very friendly but they didn't know when to chime in. I found the service to be extremely overbearing and annoying. Also, get some dessert menus. Mid conversation, we don't need to all stop for 5 minutes to hear the waiter rattle off all the details of dessert.  Also, water is $6 pp and unlimited. Weird. If you're charging $6 for water, that stuff better be triple filtered.	1
Santina was very impressive in its first week.  The food was delicious and reasonably priced (when compared to the other Torrisi spots).  Highlights were the tuna cecina and the artichoke + grape dish.  The guanciale and frito misto were underwhelming, but still good. I also really appreciated the entire Santina staff.  Everyone was helpful and accommodating, even when we asked to move tables due to it being a little drafty.  My only small quibble would be that they did not make it clear what kind of water was being offered when we were seated.  I was asked if I wanted sparkling, iced or still water, but I did not realize that still water meant a $15 bottle of water.  However, after pouring a glass, they did not hesitate to take the water off the bill after I clarified that I wanted tap water. Great place that I will revisit.	1
Place has great food great bar and great atmosphere  loved their food please give this place a shot	1
Outstanding new place. Great space and vibe. Chick pea pancake with Tuna Tartar fabulous--perfectly spiced. Vegetables rock: Squash carparrcio is great idea, perfectly executed---sublime and creative. Homemade tortallini with pesto and marinara wonderful. Only weakness--which can be easily fixed--is the wine program---trying to be too cute by pushing wines from Crete, Greece---there is a reason why the world loves wines from France, Italy and California! Overall, outstanding !	1
Awesome spot.  Great food, drink, vibe.  Had: Cecina w tuna and the avocado  Octopus skewer  Artichokes GUANCIALE E PEPE  Rigatoni Swordfish Chicken Everything was delicious,  would have it all again.  Drinks were great, stayed at the bar after dinner for a couple more	1
So, this is my first and probably last review. I hate yelp. But I am so overwhelmed with joy I want everyone to know! I love Santina! Came in here last Saturday night. The place was packed, loud, chaotic. My boyfriend and I were able to score two seats at the bar after waiting for a while (we did appreciate bartenders helping us out, updating us on who will be getting up first!). Our meal was delicious! We definitely over ordered (as we always do). I have to say the appetizers were much better than the mains. Cecinas is a MUST!!! Also don't skip the rice and pastas! Rigatoni was simple but flavorful, shrimp rice is made in a puttanesca style, anchovies (an appetizer) were the bomb. We finished with a grapefruit sorbet which was a perfect palate cleanser. The service was excellent! Which is not something I expect at a bar. Our bartender was so pleasant and knowledgable, and I have no idea how she kept her cool with the rowdy crowd standing behind us ( I would lose my mind!!!). Will be coming back!	1
We sat next to bill ackman. If santina is good enough for him it's good enough for you	1
We seized the opportunity on the night of the so called blizzard to take advantage of what we knew would be cancellations. We arrived at Santina to a restaurant that was virtually empty -- lucky us! The wait staff was incredibly friendly and attentive (not hard when there were only a few folks eating). First, the decor is fantastic. Like all Torrisi group restaurants, things are just a little bit over the top. But I loved the palm beach throw back vibe I got.  The food was fantastic. We started with the frito misto which was so light that we couldnt believe it was even fried. We also started with the artichoke and grape salad. But were great portion sizes and really delicious. Then we added the arugula and fig salad since we did want some greens. We figured that this would be the weakest dish since its just a salad but were pleasantly surprised with how much the salad had going on. Lots of fig, tons of arugula and shaved cheese with a delicious dressing. We then tried the calamari wild rice which was great. The rice was full of vegetables and the calamari was grilled, which was a nice dish to complement some of the heavy earlier dishes we had. Finally, we split the 1.5lb lobster which was grilled to perfection. There were tons of other dishes we wanted to try -- like the pastas and some of the fish entrees. We will certainly be going back asap!	1
Cool spot. A place to see and to be seen. Sat at the bar because all the tables were reserved (on a Monday night!!!). My friends and I got a bunch of things to share. It was all good. Nothing out of this world but very good! All of the cocktails on the menu sounded a bit too fruity for me so I asked the bartender to make me something and she didn't disappoint. I ended up having three of those boozy mezcal cocktails she made. If in meatpacking check it out! I would love to see how it is in the summertime.	1
tuna cecina is amazing!	1
I thought the menu was creative and most of the things we ordered were great -- but the decor and the wait staff's outfits were too much.  The "summer - island" theme they are trying to recreate reminded me more of disney world than any tropical paradise.  Will go back for the food though.	1
Just had an extended lunch (we couldn't get in for dinner, usually booked).  Can't speak highly enough about the place.  Warm service, attentive management, but most importantly food/taste which is truly unique.  Had cecina (kind of like  a crepe) with a shrimp and leek topping (Gamberetti), swordfish, spicy potatoes and guanciale and pepper riso (not risotto).  Exceptional cecina, especially with the green and red sauces they give to your table - don't let them take them away, they are good (but not for people who don't like a little spice).  The swordfish was expertly cooked and favorable, but not as memorable as the cecina.  The riso was just ok, not enough flavor for my taste, but delicate - not as heavy as risotto - and well-prepared (I'd opt for a different preparation next time just to try it).  Spicy potatoes were exceptional, very robust.  Nice selection of wines by the glass, we had the Sicilian red from Etna.  Nicely done.  The space is a lot of glass, tucked under the southern end of the High Line.  Surprisingly, very warm, inviting and colorful decor despite it being like 2 degrees outside.  In Spring, this place will rock even more.  Go for lunch now, or dinner if you can get in.  When it gets warmer, it will be harder.  Another winner from the Torrisi gang.  This is truly a memorable place.	1
I don't know how these people do it, but they seem to nail it with all of their restaurants. Had dinner at Santina last night around 5pm before they got busy. Fun decor had a lot of natural light which was refreshing. Servers were friendly and knowledgeable. We had: House anchovies which were great; Cecina which is like their version of a dosa/crepe with a filler that you pack yourself - we did avocado which was quite good; fritto misto which was light, fresh, and flavorful -- they place a house-made green and red sauce on the table which worked well with this dish; a rich/pasta dish a la guinciale which was super-tasty; chicken entree that was unexpectedly awesome with sous-vite like texture, but with charcoal skin and grilled flavor; and some lime custard dessert which was tangy and high in acid and would order again. Started with a mocktail that the bartender made up for me - not to sound like a pansy, but the fresh strawberry component with a melange of herbs was rockin'. We shared one bottle of wine from the Canary Islands that had nice texture and paired really well with the food. Don't know a ton about wine, but the user-friendly list was interesting with cool explanations and intriguing choices that were affordable.	1
Came here for a low key date night, and this restaurant fit the bill very well. We were able to be seated in 5 or 10 minutes on a Friday night without a reservation (though this might be harder with a big group since the restaurant is small) and ordered drinks, an appetizer and entrees. The ambience is charming, and in a neighborhood without a large number of options, this is a nice (fairly new) edition. The menu has some interesting cuisine that allows you to go with something "safer" (a burger, chicken, etc.) or vary it up some things that are a bit different, for instance a dish with bone marrow. We tried brussels sprouts with cranberries, branzino with pickled grapes, and duck with a fig sauce that came with potatoes that I think were scalloped, and asparagus. The entrees weren't cheap - for instance, the branzino was the most expensive one at $30 and didn't include a vegetable - but I was craving a white fish and they mentioned that it was imported from Greece. Wines by the glass start around $8 and the waiter knew enough about them to comment on what might be good options given my taste preferences. Overall, we very much enjoyed our experience. One star off for two reasons: our food was a bit saltier than we would have preferred - this applied to the bread (which was still very tasty), the brussels sprouts, one of the entrees and even the brownie bites they offered us at the end. Additionally, I thought that the wine pour was slightly on the low side, although perhaps my liver thanks me.	1
After a long study sess at butler library (Columbia), I was craving a burger so I came to Flat Top.  When I got there, I was planning to study a bit before my food came out. However, the WIFI wasn't working. I got the impression that they weren't going to fix it anytime soon.  Anyhow, the flat top burger came out, and it was delicious!! The burger patty was about an inch and a half thick and the "truffled brioche bun" was soft, which made it easier to hold as you ate it. The potato wedges were really good too! They seasoned the wedges with this funky salt that tastes really good. A couple of downsides: smaller portions for the price ($17). I literally ate my burger in 4 bites. And they only really give you 4 potato wedges which leaves you asking for more!!  I definitely will come back! Highly recommended. U	1
Lovely place. Excellent service. Good prices. Limited choice menu. Tasty and price valuable food!	1
Romantic setting, French bistro menu options, by glass selection is great and the small touches like fresh flowers and personable service makes this a hit.  I looked around a lot in the hood and for now put it in top ten for sure if in and around Columbia looking for great food in a lovely setting.	1
I have been meaning to try Flat Top for a while now and finally made it in for dinner. While it was crowded on a Monday at 7pm, the restaurant emptied out (then filled again at 9). The interior is very inviting, lots of wood, nice decor and cozy. The bar here appears to only offer wine, beer and sake, along with a number of signature drinks that are non-alcoholic. Their cream soda is outstanding. The dinner menu isn't large, but it has a little bit of everything. Apparently at lunch time there is a large burger menu, though at dinner only one is offered. There is also fish, meat and even a tofu entree. Next time I'll have to get the bone marrow appetizer. I opted to share the kale salad, which was light and refreshing. It could have use a touch more of the lemon tihini dressing. For my entree i went with the ginger crusted strip bass. The plate also is filled with a delicious peanut miso Vinaigrette, corn, mushrooms and cilantro. The portion was large and absolutely delicious.  I also tasted the mushroom risotto, which wasn't my favorite, but still solid. My only complaint for the night, and the drop of a star, was the slow service. The entrees took quite a while to arrive, despite a mostly empty restaurant. I wouldn't let this stop me from coming back, especially for that bone marrow and to bite into a burger.	1
Flat Top you are one of my favorites! First, the atmosphere is warm, rustic, and homey.  Next, the menu is fabulous.  My girlfriend and I split the burrata appetizer, brussel sprouts side dish, three-mushroom risotto entree, and bread pudding dessert!  The burrata dish was heavenly with a generous portion of creamy delicious burrata served over arugula splashed with a vinaigrette and heirloom tomatoes.  The brussel sprouts were sweet and delicious - roasted with brown sugar chestnuts and cranberries.  The three-mushroom risotto was perfect - filled with tasty mushrooms and topped with a parmesan foam.  The bread pudding - typically one of my favorite desserts - was kind of anticlimactic.  It was ok, but didn't taste fresh.  Next time, I'll order the chocolate mousse with rasberries that I saw go by several times during the night.   All in all - such a great place to dine with a good friend :).	1
Really enjoyed our lunch.  Was at Columbia for a conference and didn't want to fight the sub shop crowds so we headed in to see if there was a wait.  Was busy, but not full and we were seated immediately.   Cute decor and great menu selections.  Had a hard time choosing, but decided on the soup of the day--ginger carrot (delicious!)--and a kale salad and the bahn mi sandwich.  Everything was perfectly flavorful!   The waitress was very nice, but service was a bit slow.  She said she'd write how much we each owed on the check (we originally asked to split checks, but she couldn't), and she never did.  Would definitely return.	1
We tried this restaurant while we were walking around Manhattan and thought it was an excellent place for brunch. The service and the food were very good and the prices were reasonable. We would come back here again.	1
I love their brunch. Lunch is okay.  Both lunch and dinner are pricy. They do have a good selection of wine though. Love their lemon ricotta pancake, flavorful, just the right texture, although they recently switch to blue berry ricotta, which is not as good. I have tasted their french toast and other brunch menu item and are all really good! Hot chocolate is so yummy too! For lunch, they have some fusion food that doesn't really work. Dinner is good but too pricy. I would rather go to Pisticci couple blocks away. Reserve a table if possible. They don't sit you until everyone is there and the place can get crowded! I do love their decoration and the style of the restaurant. Very trendy!	1
The boyfriend and I had a lovely dinner at Flat Top several months ago, and plan to return. The atmosphere is cozy and relaxing without being stuffy. They occasionally seem to be trying too hard to be cool and earthy, but all in all, the vibe works.  For dinner, I had the chicken with brussels sprouts. I was absolutely blown away. The sprouts were sort of deconstructed, forming a bed of crispy leaves for the chicken to rest on. The chicken itself was juicy and flavorful, aided in no small part by the ridiculously delicious green sauce poured over the whole plate. It was an unexpectedly complex flavor combination that had me saying "wow."  The only thing keeping us from making Flat Top a regular spot is the prices. They average toward the higher side of what we're used to paying uptown. I prefer the value I get at someplace like Trufa up on Broadway at about 138th. Similar atmosphere with less of a hit to your wallet. But that's a minor complaint.  Long story short: a comforting atmosphere with solid food and service.	1
This is a very cute romantic spot that I've been to twice in the past couple of months. Once for my 30th birthday (the night I got engaged) and once with my best friend a week later so she could experience the yumminess!  The ambience is delightful. Low lighting, hip music and throwback beatnik decor. Service wasnt bad at all. The food and menu selection is amazing. I have to recommend the bone marrow appetizer, Caesar salad with poached egg and the three mushroom risotto entree. Omg. Mouth watering delish. The bone marrow comes with crostini and toppings. I'm drooling just thinking about each sinful bite. My fiancé had ordered the roast duck entree which he seemed to enjoy. I'm not much of a duck fan. For dessert I had a chocolate mousse which just put a cherry a top the perfect dinner. Love this spot, and it's conveniently located in my neighborhood :)	1
Food was great! Went with a few friends and we all loved the different options we got. Service was good , we stayed for a while catching up and drinking their mimosas! Steak n eggs are a great option!	1
I like it. I like the service. I love food and atmosphere. They have an amazing bergamot tea (cold and unsweetened) which is very good. Also, I tried lunch special : fish sandwich and soup (looks like tomato soup with cabbage). Atmosphere is very friendly inthe day time, and very cozy in the nights. The perfect place to have a brunch as well as to grab a coffee and also have a cozy romantic date :) highly recommend.	1
(This review is 4.5 stars rounded up..) Cozy, romantic ambiance and decor. Very small restaurant, and small menu too, but the quality of their cooking and presentation were all top-notch!  I saw the rave reviews on yelp, and I looked at the menu and thought it was a very interesting menu, with different flavors. So I was definitely intrigued by the menu and so, I took my good friend here on the Eve of Thanksgiving for dinner.  Apps: She had the 2 mushroom risotto with foam on top, which was cooked very well. Very flavorful dish.  I had the Burrata Caprese Salad. First time having Burrata and my reactions were mixed. I liked the creaminess and the texture of the inside, not so much the outside. Combined together with the basil and the cherry tomatoes definitely tasted the best! And later on, after our entrees were finished, being the fatass that I am..I still felt a little hungry, so I ordered their Mussel Special with Bruschetta and Italian Sausage, which we shared. Mussels were clean and cooked perfectly. Broth tasted amazing, and that little bit of heat in it was perfect! Entrees: She had the Scottish Salmon, cooked medium. The piece of fish was thicker than I expected, which was definitely cool. No complaints there. Fish was moist, not dry at all. Skin had a nice crispy taste to it. Served over mash potatoes that weren't too creamy and string beans.  I had the Duck Breast, over Blueberry Balsamic Vinaigrette, Blackberries and some pieces of Brie and an arugula salad.. Duck was DELICIOUS! Especially combined with a blackberry and the blueberry vinaigrette. You do not want to miss this..! :D I highly recommend this dish. Dessert: By the time desserts came around, I was feeling sleepy and full. We still had dessert; sharing a peanut butter ice cream, brownies, chocolate syrup and 2 macaroons with strawberry jelly in them. Peanut butter flavored ice cream was creamy and delicious!!  Overall, an awesome dinner at Flat Top. I would highly recommend people try this restaurant!	1
A modernized barn space with fresh farm-to-table dishes, Flat top is an absolute gem in Morningside Heights- exceptional food, ambiance, decor and service. We loved the duck breast, lamb chops and steak. My friend thought the spinach in the lamb chop dish was over-salted.	1
really delicious, but go early for brunch because it can get crowded	1
We came here for dinner on Monday night.  When we arrived we were the only people in the place.  The place was quiet, the food was good, and the service was acceptable.  This place is not going to win any awards anytime soon but it was a nice place for dinner.   We ordered the bone marrow appetizer, chicken, and the burger.  The bone marrow was well cooked but a little bland but come with a variety of good toppings that made the dish good.  The toast could have been a little crispier but overall it was a nice appetizer. The chicken was great.  It was placed well with a nice colors in the sauce and the garnishments.  Everything worked well together (I hate garnishments that do not add to the dish but are merely decorative) and the chicken was very moist with a nice crispy skin.  A little pricy but still very good. The burger was great except for the fries.  It said it came with rosemary wedge fries which is technically true.  It came with three wedges.  I would have rather just ordered the side of the wedges if I knew how few I was going to get.  The burger itself was great.  I loved the bun and it was a perfect medium rare just like I ordered. The service was fine.  They refilled the water and checked in on us without being overbearing.  But it is easy to have good service when you have no customers.  One complaint is that we were sitting by the window and there were a lot of flies.  GIANT flies that were extremely annoying throughout the meal.	1
Wow! I had excellent experiences here. First I came for a Blue Bottle coffee cappuccino. Next with the Scoutmob deal (50% off omg). It's worth it without the deal although it is a bit pricey. I whole-heartedly recommend the Smoked Salmon Benedict for a quite fulfilling brunch and the salmon for dinner as well. Great atmosphere- with all the mason jars and daisies you'd think we were in Brooklyn not Morningside Heights. I've also tried the burger which is excellent but they don't give you a lot of fries.	1
Great service and very nice environment. Cozy and relaxed with a really charming vibe. I had the sausages and mashed potatoes - huge portions.	1
I loved the lobster salad roll! Creamy, sweet, with a touch of onion and no celery! Delicious.	1
My date and I started off with the truffled mushrooms on toast.  It was delicious! It was also my first time having this dish so I am not sure how they compare to others. For the main course I had the duck breast and leg with a potato gratin. Potatoes were delicious and duck was cooked perfectly. The sauce was a little on the sweet side which is not generally to my liking, but all around this was a good dish. We finished off with a bread pudding for dessert. Was also great! The appetizer was 4/5 and the main &amp; desserts were 3.5/5. However, the place had a nice cozy atmosphere and I think it is an awesome location for a date.	1
+ came back here for dinner recently. Strawberry Fizz: good, but forgettable. I wish the strawberry taste was stronger.  Chocolate Layer Cake: Meh. Also forgettable. I liked the guiness beer ice cream that was served alongside though.  Maple Leaf Farm Duc	1
Try the Frisée  Caesar salad with poached egg on top with lardons.  Just like France.  Wifii during lunch.  Friendly, but expect lots of people with books, since it is right next to Columbia University.	1
Three generations eating together, which brings challenges in terms of desires for service and specifics of food. Flat Top knocks it out of the part. Great service -/ not too slow and not too fast. Some sweetish brunch options for the kids, some tasty food like shrimp &amp; grits and bangers &amp; mash. And by NY standards not too pricey. Check it out -- we had a super time.	1
I was the lucky few who got to enjoy an amazing meal at Flat Top for it's soft opening and I must say this place is amazing. The interior and ambiance is very retro and cute and you can tell they really put some thought into the details of this restaurant.  For appetizers we ordered the tomato barrata salad and it was amazing. It's drizzled with O.O. and balsamic and the burrata is very creamy. We also tried the porcini mushroom risotto, which was delicious and topped with some kind of flavor foam. Also had the shrimp ceviche- simple and good. The bone marrow was giant and came with toasted brioche and salt and we really enjoyed that.  As for entrees I loved loved loved the snapper in peanut miso sauce. It's so good! I definitely think this is a must try signature dish. Also loved the burger cause it has like a spicy aioli which gives the burger a kick.. I can tell this place is going to be an amazing addition to the neighborhood.	1
My favorite restaurant in the Columbia area, and one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. This is the only place where I can get a mentaiko pasta of some sorts, outside of Japan. I highly recommend this to anyone who misses and craves the Japanese tarako pasta. The portions may seem small at first, but they creepily fill you up.  I loved the Caesar salad before they replaced the prosciutto with bacon :( I hope they can revert back to the prosciutto, because that was very unique to the restaurant---I haven't seen a caesar salad w/prosciutto bits anywhere else in the world.  I LOVE and always order the bone marrow--it comes with bread to smear it on, which of course blends well. Highly recommended. My friends always order the airline chicken, that seems to be the most popular dish here at the restaurant. The starter pan bread is also very good, and the olive dipping sauce has actual mashed up olives inside the olive oil.  Their new edition, truffle toast, fills you up well, and it is absolutely delicious. I love the mushroom + egg combination it provides. I order this now as an appetizer all the time.  The beet + goat cheese salad served during lunch is good. Very healthy and light tasting. The salmon is excellently done, and the mussels are also good.  They always have nice, pretty, REAL, flowers at every table. Their desserts are good, despite me being too full by the time I'm ready to see the menu ^+^ Highly recommended, the service is also pretty good compared to the other places in the area.	1
Excellent place to come with your loved one, we had an amazing time. From the service to food top quality. We had the Duck Duo, Mussels, Grilled shrimp &amp; Smoked salmon. Everything was so tasty and fresh, our waitress was great, always with a smile on her face. The ginger beer is a must try...great atmosphere and very clean. The dip is out of this world!!!	1
I had such a great time it's very personable and homey!! Everybody was so nice.. The portions were ok but the food and it's flavor were AMAZING!!! The concoctions like the salmon Benedict or the homemade brioche French toast.... Tasted like candy!!!!!! The steak though it was small was filling with pico de gallo... And please do get the herb and parm  tater tots.... Mind u I haven't had taters since 6th grade!! But do it DO IT FOR ME!! It will change your life!!	1
The menu isn't super extensive, but what they have is yummy. I've eaten most lunch entrees offered and have always left nodding my head "yes you dish, you are yummy."   First timers should check out the burger. Hello pat la Frieda! Super yummy.  I'm not a fan of wedge fries though.  Goodbye.	1
The food here is superb and ingredients are very fresh. We came here for dinner during the week and it was not too crowded. We all got different mains: duck breast, lamb chops, steak, and fish. They were all amazing choices. I love the potato here... the food does have French influence. Would definitely come back to try brunch!	1
A little on the pricey side but the food is amazing!  The presentation of the dishes was also simple and beautiful.  I love this place. .small.cozy.warm.intimate.delicious.special.	1
We came here for lunch and the experience was very enjoyable. I have wanted to checkout this place ever since it opened and we had a three day weekend so we decided to venture past 125th. The place has a lot of charm and serves good coffee (blue bottle i think). We were seated within 5 minutes. We snagged the last table as they were very busy. The servers were very nice and we got our food quickly. If you're getting lunch I would recommend the burger. It was absolutely delicious and I think it is one of my top ten burgers in NY.  Do not get the bibimbap- the dish was very bland and was not worth the half what I paid for it. Deducting a star because this was recommended to me but overall it was a great experience and we will definitely be back for dinner and drinks.	1
Went for dinner at Flat Top this past Friday night with my girlfriend and it was amazing! Authentically friendly service, great menu, and delicious food. We had the skirt steak and the burger- both seasoned so well and unbelievably tasty. Good wine too. The lemon tart for dessert was unlike anything I've ever had- phenomenal! Such good consistency and great graham cracker crust.  I cannot wait to return!	1
Love their Shrimp and Orzo dish! Their brunch is pretty rocking and the service has always been fast and friendly!	1
My classmate and I came in around 1pm during the weekday for lunch and was seated right away. It is a great place to eat good food and chat near the Columbia campus. (+) I recommend their BURGER. It is super juicy and delicious. The only downside is that near the end however the bottom of my bun was soggy... but who cares the burger was on point! (-) We ordered potato wedges to share as an appetizer but it is small enough for you to eat by yourself. The sauce is great. Overall though it was a great eating experience but will need to come back when I have more money!	1
Surprisingly good bacon cheeseburger. Jalepeño Mac and cheese was also great. For the quality, the food really isn't that expensive. Attentive and friendly staff. I will probably be back at some point.	1
It's so nice to have this lovely restaurant in the neighborhood. The food is good, but I haven't been blown away by the entrees for the cost. The burger is delicious and I get it every time for dinner. I recently went for brunch and I loved the spinach egg white omelette that is served with a side of ham and home fries. My boyfriend loved his lobster roll and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the lobster - this made sense though when we noticed that their seafood comes from Wild Edibles!	1
I absolutely love this place, I visit at least once a week. I am completely obsessed with their burrata salad.  The service is also excellent.	1
On a wonderfully shady street block of Morningside Heights lies this rustic cafe. We came for brunch which started with a delicious New Orleans style iced coffee that was refreshing. My girflriend and I split the frittata and the lemon ricotta pancakes. The pancakes were unbelievable - soft, fluffy, with a nice hint of lemon and smothered with strawberry butter. The frittata was also delicious - not as thick as you would expect, almost more like an omelette. Service was friendly and quick with different people pitching in.	1
This place is pricey, but I get it. It seems like they use good quality ingredients. Portions aren't too big, but that's a good thing, right? It's probably just the right amount of food to be eating anyway. On to the stars breakdown: +1 for excellent service  +1 for delicious lemon pancakes +tots +1 for delicious cheesy biscuit they give you before the meal +1 for bottomless blue bottle drip coffee +1 for a low-key, non-pretentious way to enjoy dishes that sound quite fancy and hoity-toity (bone marrow? cheese foam?) If the price point can drop down, I'd come here more often. I doubt that will ever happen, so I'm just going to hope that they never raise their prices and that I will one day stumble upon a pot of gold. I guess this review is mostly for the brunch. I was here for dinner once, but I can't remember how much I liked the food...because I was pretty, pretty, pretty tipsy.	1
Wow.  Unexpectedly delicious. Brunch was lovely.  We had shrimp and grits and bangers and mash...Both flavorful and fabulous.  Excellent service.  A bit pricey...but we left feeling like it was worth it.	1
The menu is a little all over the place(burgers, vegetable curry, avocado BLT, New Orleans coffee) but the food was all very good. Servers were very friendly and attentive.  Very cozy/hip decor and ambiance inside (books, bridge mural, bricks wall, mounted anters). Free wifi only during breakfast apparently. Over all pretty good little spot... I would come back	1
Simply excellent.  First off, this place is the cutest cafe by day serving Blue Bottle Coffee and pastries in a hip/boho setting (wooden furniture, antiques, flowers) that's quite cozy.   They also have free wifi (you need to ask for a password), which makes it a perfect study spot! Returned literally the next day for dinner.  Completely different vibe - candlelit tables, wine and beer...   Everything we ordered was fabulous.  We started with the caesar salad with poached panko-encrusted egg and the mushroom risotto.  The risotto was SO flavorful it was mouth-watering.   For entrees, we shared the duck and udon noodles and the skirt steak.  Both were well-balanced dishes and thoughtfully prepared.  For dessert, the affogato!  Divine tahitian vanilla ice cream with great espresso to pour on top.   Also loved the music selection.  We all couldn't wait to come back.  Could this place be any more perfect?   It seems like they're still making adjustments since they're so new (lunch menu seems  particularly flexible as of now), so my guess is there's only better things to come...	1
Pricey, but delicious. Another quality "American New" location. If you're in the neighborhood, probably one of the better restaurants around. Definitely better than it's counterparts further down broadway like Community or Le Monde. If you're going to spend that amount of money, then you might as well come to Flat Top. SERVICE/ENVIRONMENT. Cute, intimate environment that is suitable for groups. Hip and cozy. Trendy, but still casual. I've come here for lunch, and dinner a couple of times. The first time I came to dinner, it took them 2 hours to serve my mother and I--luckily, I wasn't insanely hungry and the service was actually pretty good otherwise: they felt so bad, that they gave us complimentary dessert! Which, might I add, was delicious. The other times I came was once for lunch with two other friends, and another time for a birthday dinner with about 6 other people. It's a nice place, and the service was always pretty good. My one complaint is that I ordered something and was very clear and specific that it could not have walnuts, as I'm extremely allergic. It came, with walnuts. I was pretty disappointed. FOOD. Coffee- great. It's great coffee. Seriously, great coffee. For lunch, the banh mi surprised me, and was actually pretty good!! It was a really great sandwich. Definitely different from my usual vietnamese sandwich, and was kind of unexpected coming from an American New restaurant-- but, good bread, good fried egg, good meat, and good fillings otherwise! Bone marrow was good, but I probably won't order it again. The sea bass was really great, and I would definitely order it again--it came with corn and mushrooms that were really great. My friend ordered a burger and she seemed pretty pleased. I remember ordering a chicken entree dish (quite sure there's only one), and I was satisfied, but the fish definitely dominates in memory. Serving size is a little small given the higher price.	1
We stopped by Flat Top for brunch because we happened to park right in front of it that day. It got pretty good reviews on Yelp and served a late brunch so it seemed to fit the bill.  Things we ordered:  Mimosas Iced coffee Steak and eggs Smoked salmon eggs benedict Lemon ricotta pancakes with strawberry butter  The mimosas were good but nothing special. The iced coffee was brewed fresh and strong just like I like it. The steak for the steak and eggs was cooked beautifully. Any place that uses skirt steak is automatically a win in my book. The smoked salmon eggs benedict was also ridiculous. They top it off with fresh fish roe with is something I've never seen before. It definitely added to the overall flavor of the dish. And finally, the lemon ricotta pancakes were incredible. Once you slather it in the strawberry butter, no other pancake will ever compare.  Overall, the food was great and the service was excellent. Definitely a little on the pricier side for brunch but Flat Top is definitely worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood.	1
Nice brunch place. Great food and they have unique twists, like Rabbit Sausage, that make the menu stand out. However, I thought everything was very overpriced. We ended up spending over $50 on brunch for two and we just had coffees, entrees, and one mimosa. Might not come back unless it's a special occasion.   Also, the pour over coffee is great! It's $4 but worth it if your in need of a seriously good cup!	1
I'll be back again to confirm, but my first visit was really great. The decor is casual semi southern, but not overdone. Its small and intimate, but not crowded. It looks and feels like a little place you would find downtown or in Brooklyn, but its about 50 decibels more quiet.  The food was excellent. I had the shrimp ceviche with avocado and the snapper. The snapper was maybe a little bit overcooked, but the flavors were great.  In short, the neighborhood needed a little place like this and I hope they stick around for a while.	1
The presentation of the food was so beautiful not to mention it tasted as good as it looked. The choices on the menu were great. I already know what I want to eat next. Every plate that came out the kitchen looked appetizing. I ordered the duck and my bf ordered the salmon. The braised duck was filled with flavor. The ginger beer is a must try if you want to stay away from soda and beer. Great alternative for beer and soda. The bread was cold which was done on purpose. It was fresh and I saw the girl cutting the bread a few minutes before it was served. The olive dip and the cold bread were out of this world. My bf doesn't like olives and I knew when I tasted it. So I asked him if he liked it and to my surprise I said do you know that has olives and he was shocked. The staff was so friendly and attentive. The most sincere staff I ever come across in my dinning experiences. Everything was smoothly run. You can see the friendship between the staff and the kitchen staff	1
We came for a quick  but tasty meal and Flat Top delivered.  The smoked salmon and the risotto cam out quickly. Both dishes were very flavorful and the perfect sip oration for the Health conscious .  We also enjoyed the spicy house made ginger beer.	1
Pros: Lovely ambience Good food Free savory bread  "Right" portion sizes Great service Rabbit :) Cons: None	1
Went here with 3 friends on a Saturday evening with the understanding that the portions wouldn't be the "SUPERSIZE ME" type of portions and asked our server which appetizer/entree would I be the most full from. She recommend the mussels as an appetizer and I decided on the chicken for my entree. The mussels and the sauce were very buttery and garlic-y .. perfect for dipping the free bread in it. My bf and I devoured the mussels.. and asked for 2 more servings of free bread to mop up the sauce, hehe. Time for the entrees-- my bf ordered the burger and I ordered the chicken.  The chicken had beautiful presentation and it also seemed to be the dish to order if you want to eat and be full! My bf didn't make any comments on his burger, but he finished it within a few bites. I was full after finishing 85% of my entree and let my bf eat the remaining portion of my meal. He agreed that the chicken is the superior dish to order!  After our appetizers and entrees, we ordered dessert: Chocolate mousse and my friend got a coffee/ice cream dessert. My chocolate mouse was served in a glass with fresh strawberries on top--a generous portion, IMO. My friend's coffee/ice cream dessert was pretty interesting as well: you get a scoop of ice cream and you pour the coffee over it, so the resulting taste is bitter and sweet at the same time. My bf ordered jasmine green tea - very good quality tea! I could just tell from the smell of it :)  Overall, I thought service was pretty good. Our server and assistant server were very prompt to refill our waters/clear any plates. The assistant server even knew who ordered what and knew who to drop the food in front of! A tip for future diners --- the servers request that you let them know beforehand if you want to split the bill/pay separately just so that the servers don't go crazy and service can go on smoothly.  My bf (who works in the F&amp;B service industry) had some critical observations/notes so I will write it here (just in case Flat Top's management reads these reviews and can improve on them): (1) servers need more training in open hand service and being more steady when presenting the food and (2) servers need more training in up-selling the specials/having better knowledge of the specials.  Flat Top's food is very good and is a perfect place for a date. Come here with your special someone or a friend and enjoy!	1
I'm glad this place opened because the neighborhood needed something fancy-ish in that rustic/Brooklyn vibe. Yay: they serve Blue Bottle Coffee! Boo: veggie options on the menu are few and far between.	1
I don't know why I'm surprised as I am, but this place is delicious! We ordered the Burrata Caprese Salad, the Duck Breast and the Ginger Crusted Striped Bass. All three of these items was absolutely amazing. To start, the Burrata was unbelievable. It's one of the best burratas I've had in Manhattan and I wasn't expecting it at all since this is not an Italian restaurant. The outside was not overly tough and the inside was perfect - the right balance between runny and firm. The glaze it sat on top of was pleasantly sweet and the basil was thin and delicate. Combining each of these with the cherry tomatoes surrounding the mozzarella and it tasted heavenly! I would strongly recommend ordering this course. The Duck Breast was cooked perfectly! The slices were moist throughout, pink in the middle and the skin was crispy and tasty. It came with a nice arugala salad, two pieces of brie and some blackberries. When I first read the entree's description on the menu, I was a little confused about the blackberries, but they definitely worked! There was something about the savory flavor of the duck breast pieces and the sweetness of the blackberries, that when combined, made the dish even better. Finally, the Striped Bass. The fish was perfectly moist all the way throughout (and it was a very thick piece). There were no bones to worry about, and the ginger crust was really crunchy, yet not burned or crispy. It sat on a bed of sweet corn and mushrooms that was absolutely amazing! I'm usually not impressed by corn, but this was really good. The sweet flavor of the corn with the bitterness of the mushrooms went perfectly with the soft, tender striped bass. I want to recommend this dish too, but unless I'm really lucky, everything on the menu at this place is probably amazing. One unfortunate thing - they no longer offer the Bone Marrow. In place of the Bone Marrow they are now offering a Mussels appetizer instead. Everything else we tried was delicious, but if you're heading here looking for bone marrow, you'll end up being disappointed.	1
Had brunch last weekend (4 people) they took reservations and we didn't wait. Service was good and good was good also.  We stayed for prob 2 hours + and there was rush or urgency for us to leave so that makes it even better. We would definitely go back. Wish they had more alcohol drink options.	1
This place is cozy and hipsterish. I had a ginger beer, kale salad, potato wedges (with a very belgian-style sauce), and brussel sprouts. For this vegetarian it was slightly tricky to get the order right, just because there aren't a lot of options on the menu. But the server was super helpful, and she seemed to be surprised that the current menu is so meaty. Anyway, I can't wait to go back because every part of our order was satisfying.	1
A very cute restaurant near campus. Great, simplistic food, with great flavors and presentation. I had the chicken while there. It sat on a beautiful green sauce, and garnished with pieces of brussels sprouts. It tasted great, it was simple, flavorful, all and all very good. The service was a little slow, especially for being pretty empty at the time, but our waitress was very sweet and kind. She found me a place to charge my phone, which I very much appreciated. I will definitely head back there again. I'll have to try the bone marrow next time! They have a lot of very unique dishes, especially for American cuisine. It's a great place to try something new.	1
Hand crafted expressos are very good and the owner is so nice that she allowed me in to have coffee and avoid the rain even before they were open in the morning.	1
Eclectic menu but good food. A bistro air with Asian-Americn-Frech-whatever mix of dishes. Very reliable for lunch or dinner. Clearly the top line restaurant within walking distance of Columbia. That's not saying a lot though. My main complaint is that the menu changes very infrequently and there are seldom specials, so you end up with the same dishes all the time.	1
Yup, one more 5-star review for Flat Top, which has quickly shown itself to the new jewel of the neighborhood. I really couldn't have been more pleased with my experience there this past Sunday. My wife and I were celebrating our first anniversary that night. We'd been out to Gramercy Tavern the night before for our "big, fancy, celebratory meal" and walked away delighted. So it was with that in the rear-view mirror that we decided to head out to this news spot a few blocks from our home the next night for dinner. While I'm not going to say that Flat Top surpassed the 6-course taster I had the night before, I will certainly say that it did not embarrass itself. I started with the mushroom risotto, while my wife had a basic salad. She was delighted by the inclusion of delicious mandarin orange slices. But we were both blown away by the rich, flavorful risotto. The portion size was appropriate, but had they served me 5 orders, I'd have been five times as happy.  For entrees, my wife had the Mentaiko &amp; Shiso Udon Pasta, which was truly unique. She described it as being almost an Asian mac and cheese, the warm gooeyness balanced by the cold cod roe. It's totally unusual, but it works really well. I had the Creekston Skirt Steak a la Flat Top which was served with chimichurri sauce on top. I was between that and the burger, but our waiter said the chimichurri sauce couldn't be beat. Honestly, the sauce wasn't so amazing, but it was fine and I did enjoy the steak. It comes on a sizzling skillet, so be prepared for it to stay hot and keep cooking a bit.  Overall, I really enjoyed Flat Top. Further, I can't wait to go back, as there were several items on the menu that I still want to try. Oh, and I should point out that the wine and beer lists are both quite strong. Plenty I'd like to try there, too! There are now 5 superlative restaurants between Columbia and 125th St and several more that more than hold their own. It's a fine time for uptown dining.	1
FINALLY... A neighborhood gem in Morningside! This restaurant's #1 asset... fantastic service. Everyone here, and I mean everyone, is incredibly nice.  I go here routinely for coffee (Blue Bottle alert!!!) and am always greeted with a smile.  I finally tried this place out for brunch and was not disappointed. FOOD: To start your dining experience off on the right foot, and in line with their wonderful service, they offer complimentary cheese bread biscuits, which were delicious! **Flat Top, if you're reading... I would love to see you mix this up with a mini muffin, thus solving the sweet/savory dilemma I always encounter at brunch! Flat top burger: cooked perfectly, super juicy and wonderful aioli. Tater tots were crispy and delish! Black Forest Ham Benedict: eggs were perfectly poached (as any experienced bruncher knows, this can easily be a deal breaker for benedicts, but Flat Top passed with flying colors). And just to hedge the risk, they wrap some asparagus in bacon to lock in your favor! Back to wonderful service, I only ordered coffee and no sass from the server whatsoever!	1
I came to Flat Top with two other friends after work. I knew that it was going to be a bit pricey but I wanted to try it anyways. This place is adorable! I loved the mason jars, the wooden flooring, the whole atmosphere. It was a great place to just sit and talk to my friends and catch up. Thankfully we had a lot to talk about, because I found the service to be quite slow by New York standards. I didn't mind though because we were not super hungry. Food wise, we ordered the smoked salmon and asparagus (mine), the bone marrow (my friend's), and the poached egg caesar salad (my other friend's). For the record, these were all starters. We really weren't very hungry. My friend really enjoyed her bone marrow, which I didn't get to try. However, she has had it once before so I'll take her word for it. It's quite difficult to mess up a caesar salad. However, I was rather disappointed with my dish. I really love salmon, and thought that the dish would be something more than what appeared to be good quality packaged slices of salmon you can find in the grocery store tossed together with some asparagus. I believe in ordering things that you can't make at home, and I honestly think the salmon one I could have recreated.  I'm giving the restaurant four stars because honestly it's adorable and I do want to try it again. There is an eclectic collection of foods and drinks on the menu that I am interested in sampling, and it is definitely decorated nicely. It's a bummer that the food worked out the way it did, but next time I think I'll order something like mussels instead.	1
I never eat meat, but the lamb here it to DIE for. My husband loves the hamburger and the duck. It's just a wonderful meal. I also really like to waiters. It's a great neighborhood place. I can't wait to go back.	1
4 stars for Morningside, but would probably rate 3 anywhere else in the city. Still, it's great to see the quality of restaurants improving in this neighborhood.  The food is tasty, and the menu is more sophisticated than most other restaurants in the area, comparable to Pisticci, Bettolona or Varelli. The menu at Flat Top is a bit pricy for what you get, but the quality of the food is good and the dishes are tasty. Daily specials are unique and worth trying.  Probably the most selling feature here is ambiance. It's got nostalgic details like old-fashioned typewriters. Plenty of seating, though lunch and dinner tends to get crowded.	1
I love this place. The food is fairly priced and always delicious. The decor and ambiance are also very charming and I would say this is a great place to bring a date.  When it first opened the service was a little fussy, but it has steady improved. The staff is very friendly and attentive.  I also hope they change up the menu up in the months ahead. I've been here so much that I've tried just about everything they serve (many items more than once) and would love to see something new soon!	1
Flat Top is such a great addition to the neighborhood! I visited when my mom was in town, and we both loved our food. I got a BLT on amazing focaccia. She got the beet salad with grilled chicken. The presentation was beautiful, and the food was super fresh. Prices are a little steep, but it's worth it. The decor and ambiance are also a nice blend of casual and sophisticated. The same owners run Flat Top, Jin Ramen, Culture Tea Bar, and Kissaten Jin (formerly Chokolat Patisserie.) I'm a big fan of them and all of their places! Nice to know that family-run, local restaurants can survive around here.	1
My friend ordered salmon, I think it's better than the chicken I ordered. Tastes really nice. Chicken is also good, but less flavored for me.	1
This place is great!  I had a Banh Mi and the potato wedges.   Banh Mi is one of the best I have ever had, but go easy on the cilantro. The aioli that came with the potato wedges was better than traditional ketchup. A friend ordered bibimbap and it looked very tasty.  I am planning to have one when I return...  Excellent Blue Bottle iced coffee ... It was so good I ordered a pour-over after I was done.  The pour-over tasted sublime. Great for groups at lunchtime, or coffee and a pastry to go in the morning. This is one of the best food options in Morningside Heights.	1
This place is amazing.. Delicious food. Cozy atmosphere. Open late on weekdays and weekends. Prices aren't bad for the quality. Friendly staff. Probably the ONLY restaurant on Amsterdam by Columbia that I would keep going to over and over again.	1
The prices are relatively high but the food is delicious. The last time I came for lunch the burger was a bit salty but today it was perfect (and it came with tater tots!). The tuna salad bruschetta was a nice surprise. The service is quick and polite. I just wish the place had more tables.	1
The bread + oil &amp; Scottish Salmon are absolutely delicious! Ate here at 5:30pm on a Tues and by 6:30pm the place was packed. All the staff were super friendly and fun to talk to. I will definitely be back!	1
Until very recently, I lived less than a block away from Flat Top, and, fortunately for my gut, I moved a few blocks farther away a few days before they opened! I went for the first time last night, and went again tonight. And I'm not usually one to eat at the same place two nights in a row!  Last night, I had a market salad, duck, and a peanut butter and jelly sundae. The market salad is exactly what you'd want from a market salad. The duck dish is smart and delicious, and the duck breast itself was among the most tender I've had. I wasn't expecting all of the components (udon noodles, lemon beurre blanc [which, to me, seems a lighter, more delicate relative of Alfredo--not of Kraft, as another reviewer said]) to harmonize well, but they absolutely did. The peanut butter and jelly sundae is one of the best desserts I've had in the past year, period. Tonight, I had mushroom risotto, striped bass, and (again, of course) a peanut butter and jelly sundae. The risotto was heavenly, and I'll find it difficult not to order the bass on future visits to Flat Top.  It seems to me that Flat Top's chef is uninterested in the kind of culinary over-complication that passes for originality and often leads to soullessness in food. This said, the food at Flat Top is far from "simple"--although the ingredients are mostly familiar ones, they're used in strikingly thoughtful and exciting ways. I'll bet that soon enough, it will be hard to get a seat for dinner without making a reservation well in advance. So go now.	1
Wow after one semester, I thought I had explored nearby restaurant near CU, and found not much special about it.... Yet apparently I am wrong for not trying Flat top!!! I have to confess I go there two days in a row, just to make up what I have missed earlier!!!!!! I will strongly recommend burger and salmon, though the serving size of salmon is a little smaller than I expected. But all in all, nice waiters and amazing food, that's a nice place to recharge on a Friday night.	1
I visited this bistro during its grand opening night and I have to say that this bistro oozes style. The decor is a nice mesh of trendy and rustic. The candle-lit ambiance within the bristro was very elegant and inviting.  As for the food, my friend and I had three appetizers (shrimp ceviche, mushroom risotto, and bone marrow) to sample their offerings. The appetizers were very good. Especially, the shrimp ceviche which I was particularly fond of.	1
My favorite place in Morningside Heights where options are pretty slim.  Atmosphere is cozy and quirky. The waiters are very friendly. I love both their lunch and dinner menus. Prices for the lunch menu are very reasonable, but it gets really crowded around noon time so I would recommend getting there at around 11:30 or after 1:30.  For lunch, their burgers, bibimbap, and kale salad (w/ salmon) are great options. If you're going there for dinner, definitely get the duck! Their goat cheesecake is to die for , but they only serve that for dinner.	1
Nice place!  Takes reservations for 4.  Very cozy and spacious set up.  Attentive service.  Good wine values.  Interesting menu. Delicious food.  Between $$ - $$$.  Hope to come back soon.	1
This place is really cute and cozy. Since it's in the area of Columbia University, it has the atmosphere of like college town. The price is affordable, and food is delicious. I especially like the Kale salad and risotto. Their cocktail is tasty and interesting, and they have decent wine. I just hope their service will improve. They won't let you take table for 4 if your party is 2 even only 1 hour before they close. These tables for 2 are tiny and very close to next to each other. I felt like people next to us were listening to our conversation. It has more like a cafe atmosphere than a restaurant. I'd go back with friends or by myself.	1
This place was a great find!  Had the skirt steak with potato wedges and brussel sprouts (w/bacon)...Everything was phenomenal and I would definitely recommend. The steak comes with broccoli rabe, but was able to sub it out. Bread with dip before the meal was great too.	1
have lunch everyday here after work, nice place , healthy tasty ， coffee is not very good , that is the flaw.	1
Went here for Easter brunch at about 11am so it wasn't too busy. Such a lovely place with amazing brunch selection. Great for a coffee and snack too. I'd say don't go with a big group.	1
Cozy and charming place. Lemon Ricotta pancakes were on on point - moist and light. Excellent Steak and Eggs too. Only misstep was when I ordered a Bellini and was served a Mimosa instead.	1
This place was very good, have enjoyed the steak, BLT, and hamburger and all were delicious.  This is a sister to Jin Ramen, another delicious restaurant.  This is another great addition to the neighborhood in a location that has been difficult to fill with a  good restaurant.  I also recommend the stout beer, it was great.	1
Really cozy, nice restaurant. Enjoyed a light dinner - the kale salad was very good, as were the oven fries served with a spicy aioli - and a nice glass of Chardonnay. The service was good, everyone was really friendly. They even gave us brownie bites for dessert :)	1
As the previous reviews noted, it's on the pricey side but I absolutely loved it! The service was great and the waiter was very nice and attentive. I had their Avocado BLT (I think it was on the lunch menu) and I craved it almost every single day for the next week! I love avocado and there were huge chunks in there. You won't leave hungry! Definitely would go back and definitely would recommend.	1
Very friendly staff. Yummy food in funky plates. Overall, a very warm and cozy atmosphere.	1
Great little bistro right by Columbia. Perfect for a quick work lunch or a leisurely dinner. Good music, delicious food, and a lovely ambience.	1
I was surprised at how quick this place popped up or maybe I'm not aware of what's going on in my neighborhood, but it's a welcome addition.  Friday night was crowded and some of the uncertainty of a new restaurant showed as we were welcomed to sit at the bar and wait for a table but with no word from the hostess we ordered from the bartender.  The hostess did come back and invite us to sit at a long family style table with two other couples but it seemed a little too intimate given my size (my height often causes brushing of elbows) and we had an inside view of the kitchens workings and the clamor that accompanies that boundary between the makers and the takers.   While we usually prefer to eat vegetarian, every dish seems to be meat centered so she ordered the duck with udon noodles and snow peas.  Asian ingredients served in a very very rich buttery sauce that somehow had notes of kraft cheese but not in a bad way.  I enjoyed it and took over when she couldn't finish it.  I opted for the skirt steak which had a very nice presentation of a large, perfectly cooked meat accompanied by 3 tomatoes, a small pile of broccoli rabe and 3 wedges of tender tasty potatoes.  The ratio of meat to other was higher than I usually eat but I suspect most prefer it that way.  Even at the bar with drinks being poured and shouts of "no more fucking salmon" spilling from the kitchen, the service was attentive.   I thought the drink prices were a little high but they matched the trend set by the food menu and the style of food which is rich.	1
I've been here three times: for brunch, lunch, and dinner. Every single visit was wonderful. I hope this place gets a Michelin fork soon; it is rightfully deserved. The food is superb -- everything on the small menu is delicious. I've had their fish taco lunch special, their brunch BLT, and their burger; my dining partners have also enjoyed their respective, different meals. The other night I ordered bone marrow to share -- it IS a sharing portion. Typically at restaurants, you get one large shank; here you get like 6 large pieces. So delicious.  Service is very good, attentive without being obnoxious. Decor is cute and nicely transitional from a cafe/coffee shop to an intimate date-night spot for the evening. My only suggestion to the owners would be to offer a student discount. It is a little pricey for student budgets, but I'm certain with a discount would bring in more of the "local" students! Thank you for a much needed dining experience!	1
My wife and I have been here twice since it opened and we've been impressed both times.  It's a great addition to the neighborhood!	1
Only thing I am disappointed about is that I no longer live in Morningside Heights to enjoy the delicious food at Flat Top. It was exactly what the town needed--especially for students like myself who needed a nice restaurant to go with parents or just  a place to grab great coffee before class. First off, I love the vibe inside. Nice, big windows and great space for bringing your laptop or some work to study. The staff is extremely friendly and take great care of you, whether you are staying for a meal or just a quick cup of joe. Oh, and the food? Unreal. Nothing like it in the nearby radius. Their potato wedges are a must. I tried the fish tacos which was perfect for a nice, light lunch with killer dipping sauces. Their curry is delicious and extremely tasty as well as their juicy burger. While the prices may be a little higher than your M2M, the portions are big so you definitely get your money's worth.  They also are open for brunch and while I have yet to try, I hear great things. Also, everyone who I told to go there have raved about it--some going twice in the same week! All I am saying is if you haven't tried Flat Top, you are missing out. Treat your family and  friends for an enjoyable, nice dinner worth every penny. Watch out Max Soha and Pisticci, Flat Top is in town.	1
A bistro in Morningside Heights that would shine in Les Halles.  We had spectacular beef marrow ( to scrape out of the bone and smear on heavenly  brioches; excellent mushroom risotto ).  We watched amazing lamb chops be carried to other tables.  Small but competent wine list and good bottled beers.  Fine attentive service.  And the best foie gras-free burger in the upper west side.  A wiimer!	1
From even before you open the front door, you can tell the place is dripping in detail. I'm not sure if anyone else noticed, but in the actual name "Flat Top"  on the outside of the restaurant- the "O" is a plate....genius! The decor alone speaks volumes....very homey and cozy, with a very brilliant twist- chicken wire on the cabinets, a bar-bookshelf, and homemade light fixtures.. The wait staff was lovely, and took very good care of us. The owner himself seated us, and made sure we were comfortable- even relit our candle every time it went out!  Our table had the mussels in white wine to start- it was so good I gave up on using my spoon for the sauce at the end. For entree I had this amazing crispy chicken with roasted potato and brussel sprouts- the presentation was incredible and tasted just as good as it looked (also a good portion size). Tasted my friends steak as well- it was right on point. Perfectly cooked with spinach and roasted potato on the side. For cocktail I had the strawberry fizz- fresh strawberry puree and sparkling wine....mmmmm.....The whole experience was just so pleasant, I am definitely going back, and bringing more friends! Very, very great experience and amazing food!	1
Absolutely amazing! We shared the bone marrow to start. The toppings were delicious and the marrow portion was perfect to share although we could have used another piece of bread. For entrees I had a new menu item-- cod roe udon pasta with a lemon beurre sauce, and the person I was with had the salmon. The salmon was cooked to perfection with a nice crispy skin and my udon pasta was mind blowing! Such an amazing balance of flavors and absolutely perfect udon noodles. I really hope this dish stays on the menu because I'm already craving it again! We were too full for dessert, but the meal finished with some complementary house-made gummy bears, which were a really tasty and cute way to finish out an excellent meal. We will definitely be back to sample the dessert menu! The ambiance and music here were also great. Service was attentive and interested in feedback, since they're new. I would give them 4.5 stars if I could. Deducting half a star because they only have beer in bottles and no cocktails, and because the marrow could have used more bread. Very happy to have this place in the neighborhood and I'm excited to see what they'll offer as time goes on. So impressed already!	1
Very nice atmosphere for a leisurely dinner, if a little cramped. The duck was amazing and I definitely recommend the goat cheese salad as well. Service is a little slow but as long as you're not in a hurry (we weren't) it's alright. Finish off with some of their dark coffee and you're good to go!	1
Gotta get that bone marrow appetizer. Flat Top also knows its way around a steak.	1
#NAME?	1
definitely worth every star!! i've been here multiple times now and each time, i thoroughly enjoy the restaurant experience. favorite entrees from the dinner menu:  Ginger Crusted Wreckfish - lovelovelove! even after i'm finished with the bass, im always scraping the plate for leftover sauce which is made of a peanut miso vinaigrette, sweet corn, shimeji mushrooms and a hint of cilantro. i love how the sweet corn gives the sauce texture. Airline Chicken Breast - i have never had a more tender chicken. every single person i've brought here who has tried the chicken comments on how amazingly tender it is. the creamy roasted jalapeño yukons with brussel sprouts sautéed w/ prosciutto di parma also go very well with the chicken. Flat Top Burger - i get it medium rare and its cooked to perfection every time. the burger is juicy and flavorful. i like to add the spicy aioli sauce onto the bun for an extra kick. Dessert: Affogato - just heavenly! a must have for coffee-lovers. i personally am very sensitive to caffeine but that never stops me from getting this for dessert (and i sleep fine afterwards anyway). the warmth/bitterness from the espresso goes well with the ice cream and its just perfectly sweet! a great evening treat. very cute ambience. love the decor. boho feel. such a great place to bring a friend you want to catch up with or wind down after a long work day. the waiters are extremely friendly and i felt very comfortable asking any questions about the menu. they're also on top of refilling my water, getting more bread, or checking in to see how everything is, yet never over-bearing. overall, great place and i highly recommend!	1
Flat Top is high quality food. There is no doubt about that, the food is flawless, well composed, and nicely presented. Even the dipping olive oil is delicious. They have daily specials thats complimented with a really lovely menu. So why the four stars? Well, because Flat Top is the type of place that unless you go the full 3 courses you may end up like we did, buying some papa johns at 11 pm because you are hungry again. And if  you do go the full three courses you may go broke....unless your rich, then its perfect!	1
This place was so good! Great service, great food, great atmosphere. And they gave us three little brownies for dessert! A definite must!	1
Cute and cozy atmosphere with friendly and attentive service!  Every dish I ordered was absolutely delicious/flavorful and I personally appreciated how the menu wasn't 10 pages long.  Definitely recommend trying the burger and bass -- significant portions that fill you up, but not overwhelmingly to the point where you feel like bursting. I'm still craving the sweet corn sauce that came with the bass... yummmm Don't skip on dessert because the affogate is to die for! Sweet Tahitian ice cream with Blue Bottle coffee? What's not to love?  Looking forward to going again! Highly recommend for anyone and everyone!	1
Amazing burger and the chicken is to die for!  Best burger in Harlem hands down!!!!	1
Really like the airline chicken. It was a bit salty, but I like salt!	1
Great atmosphere, excellent food and exceptional customer service.	1
I have been lucky enough to eat at Flat Top twice now and I must say it is delicious! The Snapper is absolutely to die for. Decadent, but not too rich. The Caesar Salad was a new and different take on your traditional caesar with the panko breaded soft boiled egg on top.  My boyfriend had the salmon, and it was cooked perfectly. The quality of salmon itself was noteworthy. I am originally from Alaska and am a total weirdo about my salmon., so I was a happy camper. Dessert was fun and inventive as well. As far as the interior goes, it feels like you are in an European bistro, but not too stuffy. There are a ton of little attention to detail pieces throughout that are a definite plus decor wise, plus the lighting is great. Additionally, the service was personable and attentive. Everyone who helped wait on us was all smiles and pleasant. I will be back Flat Top!!	1
Delicious burger and bahn mi sandwich. Everything on menu looks great. Laid back, but hip ambiance makes this one of the best in Morningside Heights. It's not cheap and they skimp on the sides (no fries with burger) but worthy of a visit. Service isn't super fast, but it is always with a smile.	1
I've been getting my morning coffee from here for a few months, and it's a great place to come in the morning, get a pastry and a delicious Blue Bottle pour-over, and sit by the window. Last night I had dinner here for the first time, and I was blown away by the quality of the food. We had the Caprese Salad for a starter (split between three people) and it was perfect. The sea bass and chicken entrees were fantastic, cooked perfectly, and bursting with flavor. For the quality of the food, the price is very reasonable. Definitely the best restaurant I've been to in Morningside Heights, and worth checking out at any time of day. Service is great -- everyone is very friendly and accommodating.	1
Took my parents here last night... the place is brand new and we had no idea what to expect. The food was delicious, you could tell that the chef put a lot of thought into his recipes and presentation. I ordered the snapper, and the peanut-miso sauce was exactly what I wanted. Yum! I tried some of the skirt steak and salmon, which were also fantastic. The service was attentive, but, because it was the first day, the kitchen was a bit slow. I'm still giving you five stars, because I loved the food so much, and didn't particularly mind the wait- the place has a very cozy feel about it. While the prices are a little bit out of my general range, this is a cute place to go for a nicer meal (definitely one to take your parents if you're like me- a grad student in the Columbia area). Highly recommended... great work.	1
Cute place, nice decor and pretty clean and fresh, with several interesting atmospheric touches. Attentive service, although the food took a little while to come out. I appreciated the chilled tap water in lovely thin glasses (sounds particular, but if you go I think you'll see what I mean!). The food was fantastic; I got the bibimbap, which was delicious and well made with good quality ingredients. The tacos, that my friend ordered, also looked wonderful. It's a two-$ place, but reasonable price for the quality and the atmosphere. Misses out on the fifth star because I'd have liked slightly larger portions. I'll be going back!	1
I really like flat top. I have lived in the area for a few years now and found it to be largely devoid of good food, so it's very exciting to have this place around! I have been for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The food has been consistently good. For lunch  I had a corn chowder once that was really tasty. For dinner, the mushroom risotto was good, as was the salmon, though I found both to be quite rich (yet enjoyable). The service is also good and the people that work there are very nice, and the interior is cute and comfortable. The coffee is also really great there. It's New York, and there is so much amazing food in this city that I don't know if I would give 5 stars here-- but it's certainly a solid 4 from me, and I would give it a 5 in relation to what else is available in the area. I would definitely recommend flat top!	1
Great food! Nice place to go that is close by to Columbia's campus. The people there are really nice and I would definitely go back. I really enjoyed the salmon.	1
Excellent service, beautiful setting, attention to detail.  Great food, elegant but not overly fussy dishes.	1
I live across the street so this place is so convenient. Originally my goal was to go through all the items on the menu so I had the burger first and it was oh so good. So good in fact that I had trouble moving on to the next item on the list (herb roasted chicken breast). I have to admit that I had to order the burger again. The food is just that delicious. That combined with the rustic ambiance and excellent service makes Flat Top a new favorite.  I do see a lot more burgers in my future but I also know that I will be trying everything else too. Honestly this is the best restaurant in Morningside Heights.	1
I have been here many times, all I can think about is roasted chicken and corn soup. Can't stop thinking about them, they are must try items here.	1
Very friendly/attentive service, good food, great coffee. It isn't cheap but I really liked what I had (spinach egg white omelette/brunch menu, $14) but it would be great if there were some less expensive options on the menu. It was a lot of food though and a cool interior.	1
I attended the soft opening with my husband. The restaurant's décor is like a breath of fresh air.  It is simple, elegant, and cozy.  For appetizers, we ordered the shrimp ceviche and the Poached Egg Caesar Salad.  Both were excellent however, the salad was TO DIE FOR! I highly recommend it.  I want to go back just to have that appetizer. We ordered the skirt steak and fried chicken for our main course and we were not disappointed.  My husband asked for the steak to be prepared medium and it was cooked perfectly. The fried chicken was spicey and it juicy.  I had mashed potatoes and a medley of veggies ( can't recall) along with my plate.  I usually have a hard time getting my husband to try the vegetables but he dived right in.  For dessert, we ordered the napoleon and cheese cake.  I'm not a huge dessert fan but portions were a good size.  The pastries were very light and refreshing.  The drink menu was small and I can't remember the beer we ordered but our hostess was informative and helped us choose them and we were happy with our drinks. We also tried the hibiscus sarsaparilla soda and we loved it - especially the latter.  All in all, we had a great experience.  It did take a bit long for us to get our dinner but I attribute it to it being the first day.  We would definitely go back and recommend this restaurant!	1
I came here for lunch with a friend. We each ordered salads with chicken--I had Caesar salad, and she had the goat cheese and beet. Both salads were great! The Caesar I had was very sophisticated: not too much dressing, high quality black pepper, and the chicken--wow! Flavorful, grilled with rosemary--not just tasteless protein, but a new dimension to the dish. I felt like the prices were a good deal for the food and ambiance. I would love to come back and try the coffee. Service was fast and attentive. And it was nice and quiet, but not dead inside.	1
New York is all about pizza and this place is a perfect example of it!  It's a hard formula to get right.... The thin pizza that's still slightly crunchy.... Perfection! This place nails it!!! YUMMM!  The atmosphere is lively and it's well decorated. Great place for a quick lunch or an evening hangout. Defo recommend!!!! :)	1
I was sad to see my favorite local dive bar Antarctica close, but think the neighborhood is getting a pretty solid new restaurant with Adoro Lei.  Starting with the décor, I absolutely love what they did with the space; keeping a bar area, opening up the kitchen, and the finishes are very chic, well done!  Service was very friendly and attentive on my two visits as well.  Before I mention the food, I do want to say that Adoro Lei is a great addition to the Hudson Square area which is lacking in sit down restaurants.  It's not a far walk to Carmine Street or Spring street, but it's nice to have a closer option, aside from Westville (which is always mobbed for lunch) and The Ear (which has horrible acoustics).* On to the food, I was impressed with the numerous and delicious sounding pizzas on the menu, there must be at least 10 choices, ranging from the low to high teens in price.  On my last visit I split the Isabella pie ($17 -tomato, artichoke, mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes, pecorino, mozzarella) and a Chianti Kale Salad ($10 - Kale, spinach, shiitake mushroom, ricotta salata, chianti sesame dressing) and found the portion size to be a little too small to share 1 pie and a salad; I would recommend each person order their own salad and share a pie.  I liked the sauce, crust, and brick oven char on the pizza, but I was a little under whelmed by the toppings and will try another pie next visit.  I should also mention they have a great lunch special, $10 for the margarita pie and a side salad. Also there is happy hour during the week from 4-7 with a lovely sounding drink menu. 3.5 stars for food, 4 stars for décor and service, and 5 stars for naming the panini's on the lunch menu after Led Zeppelin songs. *I should note I haven't yet tried Union Bar &amp; Kitchen, and City Winery does a nice lunch as well.  There are also some nice sit down restaurants on Greenwhich Street.	1
This is a gem! Love this place and the music was dope as fvck!!! Lol I'm a reggae lover and they played the best music here unexpectedly :) Food was amazinnnng too bye!!! New spot in town !!!!	1
A MUST-SEE kind of place!! I LOVE the vibe of the place and the food is DELICIOUS! :)))	1
I went for the first time on a Tuesday night. There was a solid crowd for a late week night. The food is great here! I had the Pietro brick oven pizza which was amazing- fresh prosciutto, truffle oil.. And the drinks are great too. I ordered off the menu bc I heard the bartender makes fresh drinks based on what you like. I definitely would recommend, and will be going back!!	1
Amazing food and drinks and such a cool, unique vibe. I went back twice in one week just so I could bring more friends to try the pizza. A hint a cinnamon on a white pizza--what can top that?! I also had the most amazing salad, the Chianti Kale, and have been craving it ever since.  The prices were extremely fair, especially for such quality food and drinks. I will certainly be back again soon for both brunch and dinner. Delish!	1
I love this place. I've been twice already, and can't wait to go back.  The ambiance is on point here. From the dark wood and walls, to the stunning paintings, to the great music, the vibe is super sexy. Also, I love that there's an open kitchen. One of those details that makes a big difference to me!  The food was delicious. There's something on the menu for everyone, including tons of really interesting pizza variations + apps/to-share plates for the table. Great for a group.  The appetizers that I tried were delicious, but this place really gets bonus points from me for including a gluten-free pizza on their menu! As someone with a gluten intolerance, I'd kind of given up on eating decent pizza ever again, but theirs is wood-fired and tastes authentic...I was in heaven. If you're looking for GF pizza, consider this place your saving grace. Also - the wine list here is impressive, and the cocktails are phenomenal. I had the Smokey Riviera (with mezcal &amp; Don Julio, which I liked so much that I ordered another); my friend got a couple off the menu and loved them both. It's worth noting that there are lots of cocktails on their menu that are crafted with naturally gluten-free alcohols. Bonus points again for the GF nod!	1
I adore Adoro Lei.  First off, let's start with the important stuff, the pizza. If you want the perfect marriage between Italy, New York and an artist, you can find it on a plate here.  I'm a huge fan of their simple, classic Italian style pizza, with a New York attitude and swag, and ingredients paired in a way only a true artist could imagine together. Such exotic combinations made as a pleasant surprise, never a complete shock, or at all pretentious. Just new, good food, that you've never had and will be super happy you finally have.  If you can even imagine, there's more to say. They have really great cocktails, (the silent assassin shouldn't be joked with, it will get you), super fun brunches with great djs, and the most amazingly friendly (and good looking) staff:)  I hosted my birthday there, during a saturday brunch, and I was welcomed with so much warmth, love, and fantastic service. They were never an imposition, but always on hand and readily available. I can't say enough about how well they handled such a large party, with such efficiency and ease. I wish every weekend was my birthday there!   P.S. If looking for a more brunchy item btw-the croissant french toast is a MUST try. Grab one for the table and share, you won't regret it. I just Adore you Adoro Lei, I'll be seeing, eating, drinking and Vibing with you many more times; can't wait. Big kiss.	1
Where to start... I came into this hidden gem to grab some pizza but was blown away but the chic decor and good ambiance. Their brunch sessions are a lot of fun with drinks flowing, great food popping with good looking people dancing and having a good time! When you visit don't forget to try the bloody mary's, one of the best I've got in the city. The pizza is superb thin crust, the octopus one was truly delightful.	1
This is my favorite new brunch spot...or just new spot period!  I came here with friends twice and had a blast.  What's better than Prosecco and amazing pizza - try the Pietro!   The sexy art and DJ make it a perfect party spot...and my favorite part that I can't believe more places don't have - plugs next to each bar hook!  Love it!	1
The pizza was good but the best bite was the nutella fingers desert... I would like some more of those. Everything else whent fine, sure missing some of the beers from the menue and sure there was a little wait for the pizza. But they made up for it. Technically I probably would have given them 3,5 if possible but the nutella fingers were definetly 4 stars or more...	1
Very nice place to spend more than a few evenings. The food is gorgeous! I like Italian food, like fish loves water! And here it's just perfect, so lovely made, that I want to eat more and more!) And never fit in my dress anymore) But here I think it's worth it! The dough matters really much in pizza and I've never tasted any better than here. Really tasty, properly coocked dough. And what about desserts - they just melt in your mouth! I tasted all of them, so won't promote any, just decide by yourself what to chose. And I also find nice yellow pages site for more US restaraunts and cafes <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftrantr.com%2Fcategory%2Frestaurants-food-dining&amp;s=6a00c2d71008763bcb8b5ce963ba1d7adcb7d3450323a71cb19d18e0bb72b6f4" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">trantr.com/category/rest…</a> Visit and make up your own list of places to visit!	1
Excellent food and service! The specialty pizzas are amazing. We ordered the Tullia which has sausage and oddly muscles. I was pleasantly surprised with how delicious it was. We had meatball sliders also quite tasty.  This is a hidden gem. We will definitely be going back! We also enjoyed being able to watch the football games on the two large televisions.	1
came here two weekends ago and am still thinking about the pizza with artichoke and mozzarella.  the pizza is high end and comes with interesting toppings like mussels. pairs amazingly with prosecco.  come for the top notch food, stay for the art, scene, and music. vibez. also the bar has outlets for chargers!!!	1
Great atmosphere and loved the pizza and Nutella zeppoles  for dessert. Almost club like decor the dark wood ,art and dark walls are very cool	1
Came into Adoro Lei for the first time over the weekend with a couple friends. Shared a few items. Mussels, sliders, cherry steak, kale salad. Everything was delicious, but the sliders, they were amazingly prepared. Service was great. Cool atmosphere, great music.	1
Adoro Lei is awesome! Love the decor and ambiance. Music, food and servers were all great! Def recommend for brunch as well. Great after work spot for Happy Hour!	1
Came here for Brunch with my Fiancee and had a great time. Had the seafood pizza which was amazingly good and makes my mouth water just thinking about it. Staff was friendly and service was good. My suggestions is the Bloody Mary's whoa, they are too die for.  I don't think the prices are over priced, considering this is Manhattan and I been to way more expensive places with horrible service and food.	1
Great spot for really authentic Italian food! The staff was extraordinary, the decor beautiful, and the drinks delicious. Will definitely be returning....very soon.	1
So chic and upscale. It's really a little hidden gem that's a must see! The pizza and mussles are DELISH! They make gluten free pizza (which is always a plus for me!) also their margarita is to die for! I can drink them all the time! I have been here twice and plan on coming back for the brunch and more dinners and lunches!	1
Great new place.  Cool vibe and atmosphere.  It has only been open a short time but I have already been there twice.  The pizza is the main attraction so obviously its top notch (and that means something in NYC) but don't hesitate to try the sharing plates.  The steak is a 10!! Tons of drink specials to chose from.  Absolutely will be back!	1
The ambiance and the decor are on point. Very sexy, very chic but not pretentious. Def glad I stumbled into this new spot. The staff were very welcoming and def helped set a fun relaxed tone for the night. We started off with the sliders and the calamari. The calamari were serviceable, not really special in any way. However, the meatball sliders more than made up for that. I would eat these til the cows come home. Perfectly seasoned, buttery brioche buns, just the right amount of ricotta. Seriously get yourself there now and order some! The main event here are the pizzas and they do not disappoint. My fav has to be the Simonetta - it's a "white pizza" with mushrooms that are so buttery and delicious. Just writing this review is making em crave another slice! The drinks are also pretty creative &amp; well-balanced without being over the top (as many places today can be). Try one with rye honey syrup and an absinthe rinse - my friend couldn't stop drinking them! Definitely recommending this place. Nice job guys!	1
One rainy spring Saturday, we were touristing around NYC and had some time to kill before meeting up with friends for brunch. Jacob's Pickles was the other option offered, but we were visiting from the South and have Southern food all of the time, so we opted to eat elsewhere. The friend who recommended Jacob's is a huge Bloody Mary fan, so we wanted to try them.  The place was pretty crowded around 10:30am, and there was definitely a wait for a table. We were able to grab seats at the bar though. The place has very nice ambiance. Also, the bar stools were padded and quite comfy, and there were hooks on the bar to hang our soaked coats. We were just there for drinks, but they had no problem with us taking up seats at the bar. We ordered two BLT Bloody Marys, and boy, were they amazing! Often times, Bloody Marys need to be doctored up, but this was perfect! The bacon was awesome and the lettuce served as a nice alternative to the usual celery. As food was being served around us, I couldn't help but wish we had chosen to brunch here instead. Next time, NYC, next time.	1
I've been on a roll recently with regard to 4 and 5 star places.  I have to credit Yelp for this as I've been purposely checking out the highest rated places. And well, this place is no exception - it is simply awesome.  If you happen to be in the UWS, I would check this place out.  First off, the bag of biscuits are a fluffy and buttery world of greatness.  For dinner, I had the BBQ smothered pepper jack chicken, which comes with a side of grits.  I enjoyed all of this - loved how it was all somewhat meshed together. My friend ordered the mac and cheese and she loved it.  My other friend got the burger - I may have to get this next time as it looked quite tasty (as he confirmed). I really like the atmosphere and service as well.  As you may suspect, it gets pretty packed on Friday nights, so either come early or make reservations several days ahead of time.  I went a little crazy and got the moonshine - while I would not recommend this to most people, I actually enjoyed it. The bartender was really friendly and gave some good suggestions on food and drinks.  I wish I tried their beer but we all were in a cocktail kind of mood.	1
With so many specialty cuisine spots opening up here in NYC lately it can be a bit dizzying to the average dining patron. With an exploding scene of gastropubs, craft beer joints, cocktail-centric spots, and terrific dining options there is no shortage of new places to discover. So much wonderful food and drink that having a gym membership is almost a requirement just to burn off all the extra delicious calories! One such spot that I am overdue in writing about here is Jacob's Pickles on the Upper West Side. What's not to like about this place? Sure, it's a touch of Brooklyn hipster central located uptown on the UWS, but damn son, Jacob's Honey Chicken and Pickles are da shizz! If you have a hankering for good old fashioned stick to your ribs comfort food then head on in and be sure to loosen up the belt or jeans top button. Always start with their freshly baked fluffy but dense biscuits &amp; fixins that comes with house strawberry &amp; orange preserves, clover honey, and organic butter. This in itself is a meal but just a warm-up for the gluttony to come. Oh yes, the honey chicken &amp; pickles buttermilk fried chicken. Oh. Mah. Gawd! What you receive on your plate is a deceivingly fulling portion of finger licking good crispy buttermilk fried chicken slathered with clover honey and hot sour pickes. If they only offered a nap room with hammocks in the back after eating this. Zzzzzz......... Of course, any visit here should include a sampling of pickles. I love a good pickle and they do it up right here. From light and crispy fried pickles to about eight varieties served in pickle jars. Sours, dills, sweet, spicy, and more. Oh, and after all this if one can fit in a dessert check out the banana wafer pudding, fried oreos and ice cream, or biscuit bread pudding. Yowza! Can't forget about the terrific cocktails on the menu to go along with a pretty nifty craft beer selection here that are American based. Enjoy a pint or two with your meal, and perhaps just go with a growler. They even have root beer on tap that comes from Abita, Sprecher, and Saranac!  Terrific atmosphere featuring a rustic woodsy decor and dim lighting to go along with an appealing friendly staff. Seems like it's always busy here, and a bit loud, but we have never had to wait all that long to score a table for two. Weekends and prime dinner hours are the busiest for sure. Overall reasonable prices that won't melt the credit card, but make you feel you also get your money's worth.  Beer. Biscuits. Pickles. That's comfort food to the max, and always worth a cheat day when it comes to your diet. That bathing suit can wait on an extra few days of treadmill training. Burn baby burn.	1
Gasp! I thought I had reviewed this place, but then it appeared in the "Your Next Review Awaits" section on the homepage, indicating that I had not. For shame. Anyway, believe the hype: Jacob's Pickles has a lengthy wait but it's totally worth it. Great place to have literally any meal or even just drinks. I visited for dinner with a friend (if you're reading this, Julia, you were totally right - I forgot to review our dinner) and was blown away by it all. It was my first time trying fried pickles, and ohmygosh, they're so good. Don't think of the dish just as warm pickles: this is a different food entirely. The dipping sauce is awesome, too. For my entree, I had the fried chicken on biscuits with sausage gravy and grits. I can't believe I even need to tell you that this tasted fantastic, but there you go.  Can't wait to return and try the mac and cheese.	1
This review is long overdue. Jacob's Pickles is hands down my favorite restaurant on the Upper West Side, and now that my latest experience here is fresh in my mind, I figured it was time to write a review.  Though I didn't order drinks on this particular occasion, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention my favorite cocktail north of midtown: THE BROOKLYN GIN. This baby does all the right things. Ingredients: lime infused Dorthy Parker Gin, chili infused Perry's Tot NS gin, fresh squeezed limeade, orange bittermens, Brooklyn bitters, and organic cane syrup. This drink turned me onto spicy cocktails. But be wanred: these are STRONG. Danger: sloppiness ahead (I speak from one amateur experience). Enter at your own risk. But onto the main event: Pickles!!!! Now like a good Jew, I love me some pickles. And wouldn't you know it? Jacob's Pickles, indeed, serves pickles! I'm pretty sure I've tried every kind here, and they're all delicious. Highlights for me are the Hot Sours (moderately spicy) and the Big Dill Koshers. Honorable mention goes to the Dilly Green Beans. That said, if you're not into vinegar, steer clear of those and just stick with the pickles.   Food that I can speak to: -Spiced Shrimp and Green Market Kale Salad: vanilla bean roasted sweet potatoes and mushrooms, fava beans, radishes and peppers in a honey dijon vinaigrette with shrimp -Catfish Tacos: Farm raised catfish, lime crema, cilantro slaw, cebollines w/ fresh lime and kosher salt -Black Peppercorn Seared Salmon: Shitake and King Oyster Mushroom Gratin -Honey Chicken and Pickles biscuit sandwich: Buttermilk fried chicken, hot sours, clover honey Well, this completely depends on what you're in the mood for. These meals are all incredible. If you're looking for something lighter, go for the salad or fish tacos. Something heavier and very savory, I'd go with the salmon. If you want good ole southern comfort, the biscuit sandwich is the obvious choice. This place is known for its biscuit sandwiches, so I suppose if you're looking to go authentic, the last option is best. I can speak highly of all of them though! Lastly, ambiance/service: My only issue with this place is the lighting. It is very, very dark. Yes, they have small candles on every table, but that only does so much. Reading the menu can be a bit of an onus, but it's one small drawback of this place. The service is great, the staff is personable, all positive there. The lighting is just quite dim.  I also think it's important to mention the wait. On any given night, it can be anywhere from a 20 minute to an hour wait (worse on weekends, not surprisingly). There's an adequate strip of bars on Amsterdam that you can grab a drink at before (or you can go inside and stand at the bar), but just be prepared to wait. No reservations, sadly.	1
Okay so I know I said I wouldn't willingly come back to visit in my previous review, but hey a girl has the right to change her mind. I came back because I wanted to use the credits I had on Dash (an app that allows you to pay your bill on your phone). I'm glad I gave it a second chance because the service was better. My waitress suggested I try some strawberry cocktail, which was tasty but NOT strong. I ordered the same meal I had when I first came here and it was just as good as I remembered. Sometimes second chances pay off.	1
Look.... Just stop reading and choose this place.  Seriously, scroll up and click their phone number to make reservations or see how long the wait is.   Since you decided to keep reading, here's my review: If you're on a diet, get a salad elsewhere.  If you want an amazing food sans any healthy thoughts, come here.  The portions are incredibly huge, and you will love every last bite.  Here is consistently a wait, and there's a reason for it.  Don't let this be a deterrent, consider why there's a wait:  clearly it's worth it.   Bartenders, wait staff, and host stand were all amazing.  Is anyone ever impressed with a host stand?  Seriously, they've got everything down to a "T."	1
Came here on a Monday evening and got seated right away. The place has a great chill atmosphere vibe. This is a great place to eat for friends and family. Although the sitting arrangement is cramped, the food makes up for it! I got the chicken, bacon, and egg biscuit sandwich &amp; pouting fries. Both were delicious and worth the wait. The chicken wasn't dry, the bacon was crisp, and the biscuit was fluffy with full of flavor. The pouting fries were pretty good. However some of my fries on top were burnt but it was good overall.  At a certain time the lights get dimmer, which it made it a bit hard to see for some people. I saw some families using their flashlight on their phones to look at the menu.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes pickles and good food.	1
One of my favorite restaurants in NYC. So thankful to have discovered this place in 2014. Yes, there's always a line but TIP - put your name down and take a walk down 2-3 storefronts down and you'll find an amazing bar. Work up your appetite and brace yourself! From the drinks and the food to the decor and staff, Jacob's Pickles is top notch!  My favorite drink is the honey julep. My friends RAVE about JP's Bloody Mary so give those drinks a try! But what really takes it home for me here is the mushroom gravy biscuit sandwich. Rich mushroom gravy over a perfectly-fried chicken with biscuits and grits, talk about savory heaven!  Whenever you're on the UWS, make sure you check out this place!	1
There was a two hour wait for brunch on Sunday. Host team was not very efficient with the seating. Not sure if they were trying to space the seating apart in consideration of the heavy volume for the kitchen or if they were understaffed in the front but it does not bode well for hungry customers who are quoted a 2-2.5 hour wait time with empty tables all willy nilly. Whatever. Food was great. Mac and cheese was creamy rich deliciousness. Pickles were okay. I liked the spicy tangy one the best. Mushroom gravy chicken sandwich and the honey chicken sandwich were both tasty. Wish I could combine the two. I'd come back but would never wait 2-2.5 hours.. My friends and I opted to do a mini food crawl during our wait (we hit up Luke's lobster, Levain, Irving farm coffee, and had to force ourselves to skip the meatball shop. This helped hold our inner hangry-child back) so we weren't too upset about the wait. Staff was whatever and service was mediocre. Food was on point though. Portions are large.	1
Way cooler than I expected. I'm not a fan of pickles so don't let that scare you away from this place. Of course they have weird and crazy pickles but they also have great food.  7 of us came on a Tuesday night and were surprised to find we had to wait for over an hour! Maybe that's typical for places in NYC though. It was packed in there - shoulder to shoulder, bumping into everyone. I live in NC where biscuits and chicken are incredible so I have high standards when it comes to that category (among others!) but I figured I would give these Yankee biscuits a try to see what they were like. I had the Chicken Bacon Egg &amp; Cheese biscuit and I was impressed. It was very good, absolutely recommend getting it! I cam with 6 other people and everything looked incredible. I would definitely come back here again and get something different every time.	1
Jacobs Pickles is a must in NYC. The food is outta this world with a push towards country chic. The pickle sampler, biscuits &amp; fixins and fried pickles are great starters with a mussels follow up! Also, the Dickel &amp; Pickel is awesome to wash it down with...heaven!	1
I've been to Jacob's Pickles many times and I really love it. Let's first discuss pros and then the cons (good news should always come first). Pros: The food is awesome. Like really awesome even though you may feel like you gained fifty pounds over the course of the one meal. It's worth it. I've tried many dishes including the catfish tacos, pork belly mussels (delicious), a few of the biscuit sandwiches - my favorites are the mushroom gravy and the fried chicken with honey.  But my all time #1 dish at JP is the fried chicken and pancakes. Seriously, don't miss out on the amazingness of this dish. The fried chicken is excellent and so are the huge, fluffy pancakes. But wow just wow to the maple syrup. It makes the dish. They add spices to it so it tastes like heaven and christmas in a jar being poured all over your pancakes. Trust me on this one and just get it. The cocktails and beer selection is also a huge pro. Very very tasty and the bartenders are quite nice. Cons: the wait. Many, many times I've been told the table would take 30 minutes or so. It doesn't. It just never does. Even this past Sunday night at 9 pm we waited 45 minutes. And that was partially because the staff up front forgot about us. So that's an issue. Additionally, they play rap music very loud so it's almost impossible to have a real conversation. Space is also a problem as the tables are very cramped. All in all though, the food and cocktails are a must when venturing to the UWS.	1
Impeccable food. Love this place. Who thought of making pancakes and fried chicken together . The broiled grapefruit is to die for. Mimosas are on point. I recommend this spot for brunch !!! The Mac and cheese was amazing ...	1
Jacob's honey chicken and pickles ($15; credit accepted) dish is a treat - crispy buttermilk-fried chicken, clover honeyed goodness. And those pickles. They're slightly piquant and quite sour and I wish I had a jar right now so I could snack on them. Alas. If only wishes grew on trees. Like biscuits? Their biscuits also will leave you smiling. For the curious, they're freshly-baked when they come out. This spot is popular, so if you're not into crowds, go during off-hours.	1
SOOOO good! Wow! I've now been twice... and to tell you the truth, I'd be happy going here once a week for the rest of my life. It's just that good. So, what's so amazing? Well, mostly it's the biscuit sandwiches. They're not your Micky D's bacon, egg, and cheese ones either! They're gigantic, succulent works of art featuring unique gourmet (yet still southern) ingredients such as grit encrusted fried green tomatoes, sterling bacon, and picnic sauce! NOM! My mouth is watering just thinking about their tasty breakfast concoctions!  Note that if you love pickles then this place is definitely for you! I'm picky about my pickles (ha!), but they have a few varieties that I like. Speaking of pickles, the last time I visited Jacob's Pickles, I tried the fried ones, which consist of entire spears that are fried. I prefer the sliced variety when eating fried pickles, but these are definitely worth checking out at least once. The atmosphere at JP's is also a delight--the place looks like a vintage bar that has been updated with a mix of old school and contemporary fixtures and accessories. And, equally first-rate is the service staff who are all trained to take very good care of their customers!  Final Thoughts = Run, not walk, to Jacob's Pickles immediately! You'll thank me!	1
Good food, great ambiance. Music was consistent and service was on point. I had the BLT on a biscuit. Highly recommended. Will def be back!	1
THE thing to order is anything with the MUSHROOM GRAVY. Yummmmm. Comfy décor along with comfy service and comfort food. It was a bit crowded on our visit, so we had to work a little to flag down our server occasionally. Nice guy, nonetheless, just a bit too many tables for one dude to handle.  We ordered:  Southern BLT chicken biscuit sandwich: too much slaw - it kinda overwhelmed the whole dish.  Mushroom gravy smothered chicken biscuit sandwich: excellent- GET it. Biscuits gravy and eggs: key is the gravy. Excellent. Burger: good. Fish tacos: again, too much slaw. Overwhelmed the fish and made it a bit soggy. Bloody Mary: excellent. Love the bacon on top. -The biscuit "sandwiches" are HUGE. They're more like a plate of fried chicken with a side of biscuit. I'm not complaining. Wait can be a bit long; but all you have to do is drop by a little early, give the host/ess your name and number and they'll text you when your table is ready.	1
This food was like #woah.   Ordered the fried chicken with mushroom gravy, side of grits. Amazing. Mac and cheese. Amazing.   Manhattan. Who doesn't like a stiff Manhattan? 30 minute wait was actually only really 20 on a sat morn.  Service was good. Will be back.	1
Brunch is big deal in New York City, and I mean a really big deal. Most restaurants offer separate menus, drink specials and deals to get hard-partying New Yorkers out of bed and in the seats early on a weekend afternoon. Now I love brunch, and one thing that I really miss about the South is that classic brunch/breakfast staple: the biscuit. With all the restaurant options in the Big Apple, there is a significant lack of delicious biscuits. People want to do crazy things like make them with whole wheat flour or put crazy herbs in them. I'm fine with a super savory biscuit for dinner, but for breakfast/brunch, I want to slather my biscuit in butter and jam or honey. For that, the biscuit needs to have a more neutral flavor. I had to try the Biscuits &amp; Fixings appetizer, which came withe two large square biscuits, two types of butter, honey and two different preserves. The presentation was outstanding, and the flavor of the biscuits were spot on. But, the texture was a little strange...almost like cornbread. It was an interesting, not unpleasant, sensation, but it didn't satisfy all of my needs for a great Southern-style biscuit. The search continues.  We also tried the fried pickles, which had a tempura-like batter and were served with a spicy aioli. These were phenomenal. I'd go go back just for them alone. We arrived at 11:30 a.m., and the wait was a little over an hour. They only offer reservations for parties of 6 or more. We roamed the quite Upper West Side neighborhood while we waited. Jacob's Pickles will send a text when your table is ready, but you only have five minutes to make it back to the restaurant, so don't wander too far. Better yet, dine during off-peak hours or right when they open for the best experience. The dinner menu is intriguing as well. I'll be back.	1
If you want a HEAVY MEAL definitely come here because the portions are MASSIVE.  Overall I like this place. Their biscuit french toast is amazing and a really good twist on french toast and comes with lots of strawberries :) In addition I've had a couple of fried chicken sandwiches and they are pretty good. The fried chicken is def not as good as the stuff you can get in the South but I think they did a good job for NY and the other ingredients in the dish itself are high quality.  I've also had the chicken and buttermilk pancakes which were really good HUGE PANCAKES. The mac and cheese side is also creamy and amazing. The cheese they use in it is sharp and white my favorite kind of mac and cheese  This is the ultimate place for comfort food. They only bad thing is the wait is super super long and they don't take reservations on weekends during brunch time. What I do is go to E's bar next door and wait and chill. Otherwise take a stroll around the park which is close by.  Don't order the cofffee here btw it just tastes like water and is overpriced! Otherwise highly recommend. Haven't tried the pickles I guess I gotta do that next time!	1
There's nothing in the whole wide world like a southern girl... or southern food. Not much can speak to your soul like a preacher man or fried chicken. Especially if it's a Sausage Gravy Smothered Fried Chicken. Being from the great state of Texas, I've had lots of gravy but none on the level of what I devoured at Jacob's Pickles. Little morsels of ground sausage infused in delicious gravy still gives me the good feelings.  The slogan here is Beer, Biscuits, and Pickles. I had doubts, but another amazeballs item is their biscuits. I've long held the belief that biscuits are on the lower end spectrum of the bread list, but no longer! They're so fluffy, won't stick to the roof of your mouth, and can be slathered with house strawberry and orange preserves, honey, and maple butter. Jacob offers many different pickled vegetables, so I am certain you can find one to suit your taste. There is always a wait, but you can put your name down and they will text you when your table is ready.	1
Huge portions Heart attack on a plate it so good. we ordered the 4 most popular Pickles, Mac and cheese side and mushroom gravy chicken biscuit  Great price but long wait. Check out E bar next door for drinks while u wait	1
Came here on a Sunday night with two friends, initially the wait was 2 hours - we ended up getting a seat after about one hour.  We knew we were going to have to wait, so my friends got a few drinks at the bar, no big deal. This place is awesome! I'm totally into the simple décor, yet it makes the place look and feel unique.  The server we had was very friendly and nice.  One easy example ... at the end of the meal when she was clearing the table, she dropped my left overs, the first thing she said was sorry, we'll make you a new one real quick!  As a waitress, I'm sure when something drops, your mind is racing and you're frantic, nervous, there's a mess, the clean-up, broken dishes, etc. but that was the first thing she felt like she needed to address.  I figured they would, but it was extra nice that she reacted so well to a not great situation. In general she was very attentive and helpful. Saw a few larger parties here, not sure how long the wait would be for that ... but can imagine this place being awesome for larger groups as the portions of food are so large - they are great for sharing.  If I came with a larger group, I also would have gotten a few more appetizers, which would have been nice.   The Food - was amazing, between the four of us, we got two sides of mac and cheese (which are massive, big enough to easily be a full meal plus some ... its very rich and heavy), turkey leg and chicken bacon egg and cheese.  All amazing!!!  Mac and Cheese - we got the side, cheaper, same size and just without the top sauce.  Was soooooo good! Heavy, but delicious.  Couldn't have eaten it alone, but was good dipping in chicken and other stuff we ordered with it. Turkey Leg - this dish is MASSIVE! Turkey was cooked so perfectly, with mash potato and gravy, it was perfect! Easily sharable as it is a very large portion Chicken Bacon Egg and Cheese - easily my favorite! I've heard the biscuits here are amazing, but we came for dinner, and I didn't want to order a side of them, so loved getting it this way!  Every bite of this was sooo good, I left feeling SO full because I could not stop myself from eating.  The Grits were also fabulous! A great extra to go with the chicken I heard they had a great selection of beer as well, and they do flights, which is awesome.  I had already been drinking in the afternoon, so I didn't even look at their selection - but next time I will! The Food here was AMAZING - I officially love this place! the prices are also pretty reasonable considering the serving sizes are large!  I was able to take home left overs and relive the delicious meal again the next day!  Would definitely come back here again and recommend this place to others.	1
The casual environment at Jacob's is perfect. It's instantly welcoming, during both the day and evening. Fried pickles come in 6 and are also addictive, the combination of a delicate batter exterior and crunch interior makes me want to eat all 6. But don't, you need room for your mains. HONEY CHICKEN AND BISCUITS OMG. I'm still really excited about it even though I had it last week.  Their biscuits are ethereal and fluffy.  I expected the biscuits to come with little angel wings because they were so heavenly, soaking up the honey from the perfectly fried chicken. The mac and cheese is huge, you might want to share it. My usually ravenous brother could only finish a third. The penne comes slathered with mushrooms and a white sauce on a skillet. It's intense.  Just like my love for Jacob's. The salad with fried chicken comes with the best croutons ever. Biscuit croutons! Those were a game changer in my little crouton world.	1
I seriously love pickles. I seriously love well sourced food. I love good decore. I love good tunes and I'm a happy lady when all of this is on point. Walked in for a late afternoon lunch on a Thursday. There were a few tables but we decided for a spot at the bar. Great attention by the bartender - they've got some great and unusual craft beers on tap, and it was nice to get to try them before buying. Sausage gravy is amazing. The biscuits are super fresh. Their special sour cukes are just perfect - not too crunchy but not too sweet with the perfect amount of acid/sourness/sweetness/vinegar. Burger was on point (cooked to your liking), big heaped pile of hot pickled cukes on top (winning!). If we had room, would've nailed their deep fried Oreo's, but as it's real food, you get full. Success! Happily come back/bring my friends and while away the hours with good beers and a pickle flight (yup!).	1
Frequent Jacob's every chance I get. Me and my nieces absolute favorite place to go in the city. Fried chicken and pancakes are the best around! Also great salad and Mac and cheese. Service is awesome and when it's nice out its fun to sit outside. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND JACOBS PICKLES!	1
Came here for a friend's birthday in a large group. The server was attentive and suggested a few order of biscuits and pickles since that was their specialty. The biscuits were to die for and came with honey butter, cinnamon butter, and three different types of jams (strawberry, orange, and apricot). I could've eaten the whole thing of honey butter. The pickles were good and I'm not a big fan of pickles. There were pickles beets, tomatoes, carrots, and the usual type of pickles. But it is their specialty so one must try when you're there. For my entree I ordered the honey pickle buttermilk fried chicken. It was quite delicious and there were a lot of pickles. The chicken was honey sweet and contrasted well with the pickles. Also came with a side of cheese grits that was quite lovely as well. It was a pretty good experience but towards the end you could feel the anxiety of the staff. They were really trying to get us to leave and we were doing our best to figure out the bill. There were literally 4 ppl just watching us figure out the bill and I heard the manager use some swear words to the other staff so that was the only part that I thought was a little unpleasant. Would def return again for more!	1
Amazing food southern style food.  I had the pleasure of ordering their beautifully fried chicken sandwiched between two large pieces of deliciously crumbly goodness that they call cornbread.  Top that off with a scoop of sausage gravy.  I would have been fine with just that but no, they have awesome grits and cheese that accompany the sandwich. Mushroom mac and cheese was also awesome, definitely worthwhile. 5 people, 6 entrees, 4 apps I'm not sure how but every single plate was clean of food by the end of the night.  They had a good selection of hip hop playing all night. Go early for tables, lines can get pretty long.	1
I thought everything was really good! You get so much food and it is really good. My boyfriend and I went kind of crazy and wanted to try everything. We got regular pickles (yum!) and fried pickles (also yum). He orders a beer float (I wasn't the biggest fan but he liked it).   For the meal I got the BBQ jack chicken sandwich. So yummy! It comes on a biscuit, the BBQ was great (I don't usually like BBQ all that much but this was kind of light and tasty). It had way too much cheese on it for me but my boyfriend ate what I couldn't. It was also easy to take off any cheese I didn't want. It also came with cheese grits -pretty decent (I usually like my grits with a little butter and a little salt) but these were definitely tasty.   For dessert we got the fried Oreos-yum! I missed those things.  The service was good! But the wait!...oh man-it was pretty long. But the great thing was they had a great system where they text you within 10 minutes of your table being ready and ask if you want to hold your spot or not. This was great. We were able to walk around the UWS until our table was ready. So be prepared to wait on the weekend-but at least there's other things to do in the area including a quick trip to Barnes &amp; Noble (nerd alert). Haha Anyway, definitely a good spot!	1
Just trust me. Eat here.  I came with 6 friends, we ordered 5 different entrees, and every single one was delicious and did not disappoint.  Highlights: cheese grits, artesian sriracha, and fried chicken on pancakes with bacon bits. REAL bacon bits.  The chocolate/banana French toast special was as deelish as it was decadent. I'm low carb and had the Coop Platter which was AMAZE. The least impressive entree, probably, was the banana pancakes. Order a side of cheese grits to share if it doesn't come with your meal. LISTEN TO ME: TRY THE CHEESE GRITS.  If you're coming for brunch, be here before 10 am or you'll wait forever to be seated and then wait another forever to get your food. If you're a late riser and can't get here that early, come anyway. The food is that good.	1
Amazingggggg food at this place! I went for Sunday brunch with a friend a few weeks ago and fell in love. The wait was a bit of a hassle (about 45 minutes) but, it was certainly worth it. I had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Croque Madame which was delicious accompanied by one of the freshest mojitos that I've ever had.	1
Jacobs pickles... Even if you don't love pickles this place is for you.  If you love soul food but don't feel like traveling all the way up to Amy Ruth's, then this place is for you.  In comparison, it is the same cuisine, without the famous chicken and waffles (they have chicken and pancakes!). It is really big place- don't be fooled by it's doors.  We were seated immediately on a rainy Tuesday night but it was still pretty full nonetheless.  Note: some areas of the restaurant are super dark- and by this I mean like you can't even read the menu... Not a fan of that but I mean you get a candle in a mason jar for light.  The atmosphere is nice though- cute date atmosphere.  The second time I was here I sat outside and honestly wasn't bad. As for the food, I had their fried chicken with BBQ sauce and Vermont pepper jack cheddar on a biscuit with grits.  Not a fan of the grits- I prefer Amy Ruth's cheesy grits but if you like mashed potatoes that are a bit tasteless you would enjoy this.  As for the biscuit and chicken... Heaven.  It is absolutely heavenly and for the price of $14- not bad. My friends ordered the buttermilk chicken Caesar and egg, bacon, fried chicken dish- all of which they thought were absolutely delicious.  We also had the grilled corn- a bit spicy but still good.  Their Mac and cheese... Oh beware for $8 it could be a whole meal.  Also if you've had smac, you would really love this.  Certainly a different type of Mac and cheese but still delicious!! My second time back we tried the homemade meatballs with green tomato sauce-  a tad sour but an absolutely unique and wonderful taste.  The meat was so tender, oh tender lovin... We had the honey chicken also which was delish!  The buttermilk chicken is always on point.  We shared the oyster mushroom Mac and cheese with surprisingly had no oysters... But was nonetheless filled with cheesy Parmesan. Honestly, it all seems good from here right?  Wrong.  The service here is friendly I give them credit for that but the first time I came here, it is super slow to the point where we had to ask out they actually put down our order.  Also... They charged my friends card twice and we had to void it.  Second time was a Saturday night - ~35 minute wait and food took forever but it's totally worth it.  It's hard to get a hold of so many of the waitresses and waiters.  I get it it's busy, but for type of restaurant this is, it could do better.	1
Came here for dinner on a friday night without reservations. Was quoted a wait of 30 minutes that turned closer to 60 minutes. This was probably the only sticking point. Beyond that we had a great experience. We ordered the complete pickle sampler thinking that they would give you a measly portion to share. We were quite surprised when they brought out 8 tiny jars full of pickles to our table. In hindsight we should have asked before we ordered this many pickles. Favorite pickles were the beets, carrots and jalapenos. Our table tried many different biscuit entrees all of which were big portions that were very good. I opted for the side salad instead of the grits which made me rationalize ordering a lot of beer.  If you're in the mood for drinking beer I would recommend just going with a growler. I also tried the old fashion which came in a martini glass- usually am a huge fan but this didn't do it for me. Can't wait to come back for brunch.	1
I had breakfast here three days ago and I'm still thinking about it. It was pretty amazing. I split a skillet with a friend and it was the perfect amount. The pickle sampler is a must and the fried green tomatoes where excellent. There was a group of four of us for lunch around 11:30 on a Thursday and we didn't have to wait at all, but I heard the weekends are packed so expect a wait.	1
Long wait, but worth it! Put your name down, then go get a coffee. I really love how some NYC restaurants are taking phone numbers and will text you when your table is ready. You then have 5 minutes to get there for your table (so don't go too far for coffee). BLT Bloody Mary is awesome, and a good move especially if you're really hungry because it's essentially an appetizer with half a hard boiled egg and a slice of crispy bacon in it! Biscuit breakfast sandwich was great too! I got sausage and it was enormous. I'm usually hesitant to just get a sandwich when there are no sides, but it was plenty to eat, esp. since I had the Bloody Mary too. They have some communal tables, which is where I sat with my two friends, which I don't have a problem with, although the girl next to me stabbed a cherry tomato and it squirted on to my white sweater, but she was really nice about it and gave me her Tide To Go pen.  All in all, a great Southern brunch place! Missed out on the pickles this time, but I'll be back for them!	1
Had the most wonderful meal and our server was Mike-very attentive. Fast service and I added pics of our food-can't describe how yummy it all was! Try the sausage gravy smothered fried chicken on a biscuit!!!!	1
This place is like Epic Meal Time opened a restaurant. Their breakfast sandwiches are huge, with bacon, fried chicken, and cheese inside, with a side of cheesy grits. Everything they use appears homemade, down to the huge buttermilk biscuit rolls.  Second time I went I ordered the pancakes, which really needed fried chicken on top to be as good as previously. Third time I believe I had the sausage gravy over biscuits. Everything here is top-notch, I even took one of their paper menus to remember the names of all the bacon-studded dishes.  Great beer selection for any restaurant, nice tap area, light airy decor, and a crush of people waiting outside. On a Saturday get there before 10:30am or you're waiting 1-2 hrs, easy. Even then I hazard that even then it would be worth it. Good for a meal before your trip to the American Museum of Natural History.	1
Food 4ish Service 3.5 Ambiance 3 O/all 4 Everything here is awesome.  If you liked fried...done.  If you like pickled...done.  If you like fat layered upon fatty goodness...done. Only downside is it gets cramped.	1
I really enjoyed this.  A group of seven of us went here on a  Friday for happy hour and dinner.  While there was a crowd ( always seems to be crowded) the wait was reasonable and flew by with delicious cocktails at the bar.  The food was truly outstanding and at a reasonable price. The table ordered their signature Mac and cheese as an appetizer which was incredible.  Probably the mets Mac and cheese I've had ( mushrooms were a nice touch). For my entree I got the fried chicken and mushroom gravy.  Delicious! Not too greasy or over fried.  I'll be back here for sure.	1
Growing up in the South cultivated in me a healthy adoration (read: unhealthy obsession) for cheese grits, biscuits, and fried chicken. To my delight, all of these are found in their fullest splendor at Jacob's Pickles in UWS. I've been to Jacob's for both brunch and dinner but each time have not been able to tear myself away from their honey, chicken &amp; pickles sandwich. Nestled between two halves of a delicious biscuit is buttermilk fried chicken topped with hot sours and clover honey. Mm mm finger-lickin' good. Cheesy grits come as a side and even on days when "I don't feel particularly hungry," I still end up cleaning out the entire plate. Expect a significant wait if you come for brunch, and keep in mind that they do not accept names over the phone (i.e. you must be physically present to put your name on the list). The restaurant itself is a little noisy, whatwith the music overhead and the dinner conversation of the people next to you, especially at the tables for two near the bar at the front. My dinner companion and I had to quickly scarf down our food (which we were doing anyway because it was so delicious) to go somewhere quieter for conversation. But if you want good biscuits, good pickles, good chicken, and good cheese grits in New York City, certainly stop by Jacob's. It's worth the wait!	1
This is the best food! Last meal worthy!!!! Fried pickles are great as is everything. Plus a great beer menu, curated. The bread pudding is best in the world. Made with biscuits and grits. Will eat there at least three times every time in NYC	1
I visited this gem on Friday around 1pm and it was pretty packed. Me as well as another person were seated right away though. I ordered the biscuit mushroom gravy chicken sandwich as an entree and it was amazing! Very delicious. The portion was quite large. The chicken was great and moist, the biscuit was soft and flavorful, and the mushrooms/gravy were very satisfying. Highly recommended.	1
What can I say, the food here is pretty darn great. I was here for brunch earlier today and had decided on the SAUSAGE EGG AND CHEESE SANDWICH with a side of fresh fruit. My boyfriend had the same sandwich except with bacon, and side of grits. The homemade sausage was excellent and their biscuit? Nothing short of fluffy buttery heaven!  My boyfriend was just a little upset that there wasn't enough bacon in his sandwich. I mean, I would be too if I got this awesome sandwich and all i got was two proscuitto-thin bacon. My side of fruits were fresh, although the pineapple chunks were not ripe. The grits were great, a little less loose and watery than most.  Despite the great food, I had many tiny peeves to this place. They don't serve decaf coffee, which isn't unheard of if you ask me, but they don't supply you with anything other than cream for your coffee! The cream came in a glass bottle with clamp stopper that just made it difficult to poor neatly. Your condiments come in culinary plastic squeeze bottles. Hey, I have nothing against any of these items, I use them in my kitchen too, but functionality of the bottles SUCKED, more so for the cream and my strawberry preserves in squeeze bottle.  Other than functionality and lack of friendliness from the staff (Not even a "Hi, how are you", "Thank you for coming", "How was everything?") the food at this place is worth a trip in itself. I would like to come back past 12 noon on Sunday and try their alcohol beverages!	1
I came here with my boyfriend for Sunday brunch. Unfortunately, Jacobs Pickles does not take reservations so if you are coming here for brunch be mindful that the wait can be pretty long. We waited 1hr and 20 mins for a table. The overall set up and decor of the restaurant is pretty cool and comfy feeling.   When we were seated we ordered the Devil Eggs for a appetizer. They were good but we both felt like they could have used a tad bit more seasoning. For drinks we both ordered floats, I ordered the Fanta float and he ordered the Cocoa Cola float. Food our meals, I had the Shrimp and Bacon Grits. The shrimp would've came with the heads on had I not requested them to take the head off (which I was happy about). Overall, this was probably the best shrimp and grits meal I have had thus far. The grits were cooked perfectly. I was really happy with my meal. My boyfriend had the Sausage Gravy Smothered Chicken. His meal was excellent. The sausage gravy was soooo delicious and the chicken was seasoned and cooked pretty well. It also came with a biscuit and a side of grits. I am definitely getting that next time I go. We also ordered a side of Mac and cheese which was really delicious as well.  I will definitely be coming back soon and often. It is so much I want to try on the menu lol.	1
For my first dinner in NY, I went to Jacob's Pickles on the advice of a local who never ate a pickle he didn't like. I wasn't disappointed. To start off the dinner, our server picked four different kinds of pickles for our flight ($11): green beans, kosher cukes, carrots, sour &amp; hot. Amongst the three of us, we had differing opinions of which was our favorite. Originally, we came in for the delicious Mac n Cheese ($15) to share, but we added the Gumbo ($21) because our nice server made it sound so good. It was. To wash it all down, we ordered a 32oz Radiant Pig ($13) a solid session beer with lower alcohol. If we weren't so full, dessert would have been ordered. Next time. This is my new favorite restaurant in NY.	1
Incredible. The drinks are strong, and the fired menu items very fried. What more could you ask for in a casual UWS brunch spot? I had the fried pickles- which were the perfect texture and maintained their crunchy shell throughout the meal, as well as one of the southern biscuit sandwiches, which featured buttermilk fried chicken and a hearty gravy.	1
Excellent biscuits and gravy, cocktails, and pickled veggies! I really like going to Jacob's pickles for any occasion- brunch, casual drinks, dinner. The restaurant has a great rustic brick-y vibe and it's always pretty crowded. But the wait is worth it and the restaurant is surprisingly large in the back. The sausage biscuits and gravy and fried chicken are my favorites, and I always get some spicy pickles too. I would suggest skipping the mac and cheese though, it's a bit too greasy and bland (especially the leftovers upon reheating...and there will be leftovers from the huge portion they give). All in all, I have walked across the park from the UES for Jacob's Pickles many a time, and have never been disappointed.	1
I WANT TO RATE IT A 6 START!!! ok, ill stop. the service is amazing, its hipster which is what I love, it reminds me of Seattle, its homie and comfortable, and they are always always always amazing to me. (they DONT know me). the chicken is to die for, the biscuit dishes are ideal if its your first time. I have eat the fried oreos, fried pickles, pickled tasty treats (appetizers), the biscuits and jam are delicious. I've been here 5+ times and every time is a delight. I really love coming to this place with tourist, and the wait doesn't matter. keep in mind the hours, because the best time is to come early or come later before the close. Its always a 1+ hour wait, but honestly I don't care. There is plenty to see around the are to stay busy or sit and watch/smell the food walking by. ok lets talk about the mac and cheese: life changing...get it!!! The grits are in consistent, but they are when I even cook them. I had to stop ordering them.	1
I've always wanted to try this place. Finally, today, my wish came true.  After watching movie, it was nearly 11 at night.  In the mind set of something light, I picked this place. The price is a bit beyond my anticipation, so it the quantity. My buddy and I ordered four sets of pickles: green tomatoes, kosher cuke, spicy cuke and carrots. The carrots and green tomatoes are strong recommended if you are not a big fan of pickled zucchinis. Haha. As entree, we shared the fried chicken pancakes which tasted fantastic.  It will definitely be a spot for revisiting.	1
Jacob is a good guy. Shrimp &amp; Bacon-Grits are off the charts. Pairs well with the BLT Bloody Mary. Yeah... Make the right choice	1
SO DAMN GOOD! I've never had anything bad from here. Their pancakes and chicken is off the hook and so are their cheese grits. Can't wait to go back, they never disappoint	1
Place gets packed. Was here on a thursday night around 7 and had to wait 30 minutes or so. The bar was packed so I went next door to E's bar to kill time and have a couple of drinks. Atmosphere here is really good. Most of the tables are communal so chances are you may have to sit there. Had the sausage gravy fried chicken biscuit w/ cheese grits ($15) and also tried the turkey leg ($18). Turkey leg was big and wasn't spectacular, but was good. The sausage gravy was really damn good as was the biscuit. Soft and full of flavor. The fried chicken was good, but far from the best i've had. Wish I had the option of ordering dark thigh meat but had white meat instead. The cheese grits were good but a little too heavy for my date. Got a 32 oz growler for myself. Think it was $15 which isn't bad at all.  Would definitely go back and try the other dishes and drinks.	1
Very crowded on Sunday for the brunch crowd - definitely make a reservation via OpenTable, if you can. If you prefer to jump on the wait list, they use a service that texts you when your table is ready. We sat at a communal table with other patrons. First course was a sampler of pickles and a plate of the fried variety, all excellent. This was washed down with Allagash White (my husband ordered a very crisp &amp; tasty cider whose name escapes me now). Lunch was the southern BLT. That's buttermilk fried chicken, fried green tomatoes, pickle slaw and sterling bacon stacked between two fluffy &amp; moist biscuit halves. If your mouth isn't watering, it should be. I don't even like slaw, and I still dream about the pickle slaw on that sandwich, combined with the crisp and salty bacon. Heaven on a plate.	1
this place reminds me of a cracker barrel -only with more hipsters and dim lighting.  like cracker barrel - think of gigantic portions, tons and tons of butter, fluffy biscuits and some good ol fried chicken.  the dranks are so good here- get the strawberry jam (strawberry infused gin and lemonade)- so good it doesn't even taste like you're drinking alcohol. The BLT bloody mary is also great- spicy and strong topped with a delicious jalapeno bacon.  I ordered the mushroom gravy smotherd chicken biscuit- Lawd have mercy- I feel like Paula Deen made this for me-- So... Much... Butter! But dam that chicken is crispy, the biscuit is so buttery, and the sauce is BOSS. My BF ordered the Chicken and Pancakes- his dish was good but mine was better! The pancakes are waaayy to dense and I felt like I could only take a few bites before getting sick of it.  In addition, we also ordered the fried pickles- the contrast of the sour pickles and salty batter was amazing, and the Mac n cheese- pretty tasty. Although ordering these appetizers were a huge mistake, because  the portions were so big and filling, we couldn't finish our entrees.  Also- they don't take reservations for groups smaller than like 4. So come early, put your number down, go to the bar across the street to have a drink, and come back in time to enjoy some comfort food.	1
Let me just say that for service alone the place gets 5 stars from me. We also sat at the bar, but the gentleman behind the bar was flawless with the service.  Immediately after sitting down he asked me if I would like some water and I thought to myself: "wow, when was the last time anyone asked?". He was right on top of everything, and let me say that the bar was pretty busy.  I had the meatballs to start, a glass of nice red wine, and then ordered the shrimp with the bacon cheese grits. Everything was solid, but nothing was too memorable or mind-blowing. All in all, I had a great experience and a solid 4 stars from Jacob's Pickles.  Will def come back to try the brunch. :)	1
AMAZING! I went here for brunch with some girlfriends yesterday and we loved it! I am a southern girl and have yet to find biscuits and gravy in NYC that even compare to what I'm used to back home, this place does it. Truly amazing and the portions are HUGE for reasonable prices.  We did have to wait about an hour for brunch on Sunday when we arrived at 1:00 but we were told an hour and a half so we were happy it was a little faster than expected. They also have a text message based wait system so you can take a stroll around the neighborhood and pop in a few stores if it's a long wait.  Will definitely be back!	1
Came here with a group of 5 of us on a Monday night for dinner and the place was absolutely packed! They were nice enough to finally seat us without the last member of the party so we could get started with our apps and drinks. The restaurant is cramped and it was quite warm in there, so dress like it is summertime if you want to be comfortable. We were seated at the communal table in the center of the back room but I did appreciate that it was normal chairs and not picnic benches.  Our waitress was very friendly and patient with us as we made our drink and appetizer selections and was attentive throughout the meal. The music was great and I loved the old school hip hop and R&amp;B coming through the speakers. The music wasn't too loud either, however the place did get loud with all the patrons, but we were still able to talk and enjoy our conversation.  Now the food...THE FOOD! Starting with the appetizers, we got the fried pickles and the biscuits with all the fixins. The fried pickles were tasty but they kept slipping out of the batter coating since it was the long spears instead of smaller bite sized pieces. My favorite part was the pickle itself though, but I did enjoy it warm and with the batter and spicy remoulade. The biscuits and fixins are a must get even if you get a biscuit sandwich. They are served along side some jams, honey, salted butter and maple butter. Though they reminded me of more of a cornbread (without the corn), they were absolutely delicious. The maple butter spread was amazing and when it was spread on the biscuit it reminded me of pancakes and syrup. Great way to start the meal and I didn't even try any of the other fixins since I loved the maple butter so much.  Now for the entrees...you must have the SAUSAGE GRAVY SMOTHERED FRIED CHICKEN ON A BISCUIT SANDWICH. Trust me, don't start with anything else, have this as your first entree and you will not be disappointed. Everyone at the table was picking at my dish because it was that good. I rarely go back to the same restaurants, but for this dish, I will be back much sooner rather than later. The gravy was super tasty and the chicken was seasoned perfectly. The biscuit I only was able to finish the bottom part, since it was quite filling, but it absorbed the chicken and gravy flavors well. I really didn't love the grits as much as my other dinner companions did, but they were not bad at all and they were definitely raving about them.  For dessert we had the Fried Oreos and they were great versions of these. Nice crispy batter, without being too greasy and overfried. The oreos were softened nicely and it was a perfect end to an amazing meal.  Service never felt rushed and the food and ambiance definitely contributed to a great dinner out with friends. Must try spot for brunch or dinner. I will be back!	1
I've been here two times - one time a few years ago when I just ventured up and I remember the mac &amp; cheese was too "truffley",.. but my boyfriend &amp; I gave it another shot being in the area now and given that it was a long time ago, my memory may not have served me well. This time, we came for brunch on the weekend and it was about a 45 minute wait. Not that bad when there's a bar right next door to hang out in first. It was super crowded since we got there, and even when we left which was at about 4pm. Service-wise, the waitress was extremely friendly and I loved her! Food-wise, I ordered the pancakes and chicken and they were HUGE. I could only finish ¾ of one, but they were very, very, very, very fluffy and yummy. I normally don't go for the pancakes but I'm glad I did. The chicken was tender, as well. Oh, and there were bacon bits sprinkled all over the dang thing. Even better. My boyfriend got the shrimp &amp; grits and they were really good. I've had grits from the south, and these were pretty on point! Creamy and really flavorful. I definitely want to try the biscuits &amp; gravy next time. I was full and satisfied. That's a win in my book!	1
If there's anything that I appreciate in this world, it's a warm, buttery biscuit. For some strange reason I didn't get the biscuit and fixins this past visit to Jacobs Pickles. But that is on the list for next time! I decided to get the bbq smothered fried chicken biscuit sandwich. The biscuit is a decent size and had an impressive amount of juicy, tender fried chicken on it. And it was definitely "smothered", in a creamy bbq sauce which was nice because it was not nearly as tart as a normal bbq sauce would be. And it was COVERED in pepper jack cheese. I personally would have liked a little less cheese, but that definitely wasn't an issue. Instead of the grits, I opted for the mashed potatoes with mushroom gravy. Again, super impressed with the portion especially because it was a side. My bf got the bacon egg and chicken biscuit sandwich, which he loved and a huge side of fries.  The drink selection is awesome because there's such a variety of beers, especially if you're a beer person. I personally love hard cider, so I got the Ace apple cider which was on point.  The food is great, definitely heavy! We had no problems getting a table, but we went on a Wednesday evening. And the service was good, except for the fact that their Internet went out. So they couldn't take credit cards. We had to get cash from an atm at a local bodega.  Overall, would definitely visit again :)	1
Who doesn't love Jacob's Pickles. Yes, it's a little heavy. Yes, they have sweet tea. Yes, it's fried. But there are pickles!!! And there is really delicious bread. I always leave feeling like I need to be rolled Veruca Salt style out of there each and EVERY time. They also play really great music that just makes it have a better vibe. Your thoughts should lie somewhere between, how long will the wait be and do I really want anything more than Jacob's Pickles. Oh - I recommend going for lunch or dinner instead of brunch but that's just me. But if you have brunch then you can walk it off or work off the calories after...	1
This place is amazing! Delicious BBQ style food and a wide beer selection! Try the beer flights with your meal and you will be very satisfied. A little pricey but that's what you expect in NYC. At night they have an active bar with a good ratio. Good for dates and hanging out with friends.	1
Hands down the best food I have ever had. Words cannot describe the heavenly food crafted by God himself. This is the food that angels sing about in the heavens.  The entire night my group of friends were raving about the food. When we got to meet the owner everyone was just so thrilled to tell him about how great the food was. We started with the "biscuits and fixin's" and the "sweet spicy carrots, sour green tomatos, dilly green beans, and hot sour cukes". The carrots and the biscuits were incredible. Make sure to try the strawberry jam with the biscuits!  For the main course we all got the "Chicken and pancakes" which was the best food decision I have ever made. Two giant fluffy pancakes with chicken breasts fried and spiced to perfection. It was so much that I had to take it home. As a side we got the "mushroom mac and cheese" which was equally as amazing. For dessert we got the "banana bread pudding" which was great, and I don't even like bread pudding!  The staff was incredibly nice and so much fun. Right before we left the waiter brought my entire table a round of shots for just being great customers! This place is perfect for a family outing, date night, a gathering of friends, or just a late night meal. You can't go wrong coming here.	1
Not sure I have anything bad to say about this place! Walked in as a group of 6 and barely had to wait, which was good because we were starving! The biscuits are awesome, buttery and flakey just as you would want them. There were a handful of items that caught my eye for an entree but I "settled" on the Southern BLT (buttermilk fried chicken, fried green tomato, pickle slaw, sterling bacon). While everything that was ordered looked great, I thought this was fantastic.  Jacob's Pickles is a MUST GO for any foodie. Unless you don't like fried chicken? or fried pickles? or ANYTHING fried? Are you alive?	1
YUM! Jacob's Pickles has become one of my favorite brunch spots on the UWS. There is nothing on the menu that I haven't loved. This is southern comfort food at its finest in a cozy atmosphere. Try their Bloody Mary and biscuits with mushroom gravy. Cheese grits are also to die for. I like that you can get brunch here during the week because the weekend can have a wait up to an hour and a half!	1
My law school cafeteria had the best fried chicken. It came every Thursday and I was so in love with it, I used to lurk around the cafeteria five minutes early so I could be first in line; I would also debate going back for a second helping of mashed potatoes; I would even bear the mild disgust on one of my guy friend's face (a muscular guy who could out-eat me in everything BUT fried chicken) as he said on one occasion, "Man, you are really treating yourself today, are you?" Why yes, kind sir, I am, now let me shovel this bird into my face as you pick at your measly salad leaves.  So fried chicken is truly near and dear to my soul. Which is why the version of it at Jacob's Pickles, the much-lauded honey chicken and pickles biscuit sandwich, was just ... okay. The breading was soggy from all the clover honey and kept flaking off in chunks, and the biscuit itself kept crumbling every time I tried to lift the whole thing. Ah. Maybe that was what the knife and fork were for. Next time, I'll try to act more like a civilized human being instead of a raging wildebeest who waited an obscene amount of time for brunch on one of the coldest days of the year.  (+) for the mound of pickles slathered on top of my biscuit sandwich. I'm not a huge pickle person but I admire the generosity in spreading the pickle love.  (+) for our flannel-clad waiter who kept popping up at the most inopportune moments, e.g., when I shoved the pickles off to one side ("Guess you're not a pickle person"); when we were in the odd limbo between finishing our plates and not paying ("Do you guys want anything ... uh like the check? Perhaps the check?").  (+) for the pickleback for putting some life back into my winter-caked bones. Also, damn, but that pickle juice was delicious. Could be the next $10 bottled green juice!  (+) for the cheese grits!  (-) for how many people were packed in there for brunch. Can't I just find one really good brunch spot in NYC and keep it for myself without the hordes descending?  So yeah, there's my messed up math.	1
I saw this place on television, and I knew I had to try it when I was in NYC. I made a point to go in the morning and just know that I would have to wait. Granted, I could have made a reservation, but I was not that proactive.    Whatever you think Jacob's Pickles will be, I promise it will be more. When I arrived, it was packed at 11:00am on a Saturday. Tourists have clearly found the place, but do not let that deter you.    I began my experience by ordering a wonderful beer and standing around the bar. I put my name on the seating list, but ended up getting a seat at the bar. If I had awaited for my actual table, I would have had about a two-hour wait. I was lucky.    I started my meal with the fired pickles. Now, I am a firm believer that one should only fry dill chips and not spears; however, Jacob's pickles manages to do spears really well. Props to them!!     For my meal, I elected to have he biscuits and gravy, which was to tie for. The gravy has really good sausage pieces in it, and the biscuits have the perfect texture. The chef has also managed to potion the items well, so one does not leave in a half food coma.     To be honest, I wish I could have stayed to try more menu items, but I had a  flight to catch. I will say that I saw patrons consuming pancakes with fried chicken and bacon, which looked amazing. I will definitely go back, but this time with a reservation.	1
The only bad thing to say is that the wait for a table without a reservation is sometimes quite long. 30-45 minutes or so. But the food is great, as are the drinks and service. Dining area is a bit tight so if at a table for 2 expect to get cozy with your neighbors Highly recommend  -fried pickles -Mac n cheese -rum Rootbeer	1
A wonderful and clean atmosphere that feels like you're a prospector during the gold rush. The staff is friendly and chatty. I had the chicken and pancakes and was not disappointed portion size validated price and the flavor was divine. Soft and fluffy pancakes tasty bacon and tender and flavorful. My boyfriend got the fried chicken salad and was thoroughly satisfied.	1
Fantastic fried chicken here, being perfectly moist and seasoned.  Every bite was tender and without too much batter, with just the right amount of crunch.  Really, there is no better fried chicken in the Big City. If you, like me, do not like things too sweet, a good accompaniment with the fried chicken are their banana pancakes.  Ask for that with your fried chicken instead of the regular pancakes, and cut out the syrup. There is a super long line here.  Expect the wait to be about an hour.	1
Came here twice in the last month and had a great experience both times.   The first time I came with some friends and we ordered a pickle sampler to start.  They were all very good, but my favorite are the pickled carrots.  For the entree, I ordered the biscuit with fried chicken and when it arrived it was clear that it had sat for some time while my friends' food was being cooked.  I told a waitress and a manager came to apologize then brought me a fresh order and said it was on him.  That is incredible customer service.  The dish came hot and the chicken was tender, juicy, and delicious.   The second time, I ordered the chicken and waffles.  The waffle was a pancake, but delicious nonetheless.   I highly recommend you try this place!	1
I think I only review places I like. OR I just like everything...hm But everyone I've brought to Jacob's Pickles has LOVED it. It's not good for large groups (we waited for brunch for 2 hours once, despite having a reservation) and they don't take reservations for smaller groups.  The ambiance and decor of this place is great. It's very homey and comfortable, even if you are sharing large picnic style tables with other customers. I am obsessed with their mushroom gravy smothered chicken (and it's awesome because it lasts at least 2 meals for me :D). Also  recommend the deviled eggs and the cheese grits!	1
This is quite a trek for this Queens girl, but I will gladly take the trip if I am craving southern comfort food. More specifically, their sausage gravy smothered chicken blew my mind / taste buds away. I finished mine and 1/4 of my bf's.  The cheese grits didn't really win me over - maybe that's how I had room in my stomach for more chicken and gravy. Make sure your fork has a little bit of all 3: biscuit, fried chicken, and sausage gravy. Salty, sweet, buttery, crispy, soft.... a party in your mouth. I didn't know what to do with myself other than keep eating. My bf's chicken - you could cut with a fork; Mine - I had to use a knife. No biggie, really, because it didn't take away from the taste overall. Deviled eggs - good to try and share with your company if you are a deviled eggs fan to begin with. I may not order it again because I really enjoyed the... Biscuits and Fixins starter - that maple butter (and even plain butter) just takes eating biscuits to another level.  Service was great for us that night. Wed night at 6:30pm - no wait for a table for two. There were a lot of tables open at this time. The restaurant has a lot of communal style tables, so I'm only glad that our party of two got our own table in the corner against a wall. I could see how a party could get stuck really close (e.g. right next to) to a loud group - you know, the ones where you can't help but pay attn to their convo, even if there was no intention to.	1
This is my absolute favorite brunch place in the city. No matter how many excellent brunches I have, I always want my Jacob's Pickles!  They have the most amazing friend chicken, egg, and cheese biscuit.  it comes with grits (I hate grits but I LOVE theirs).  Everything is so perfectly crisp and juicy and flaky and yummy!!  They also have amazing biscuit french toast with fresh strawberries and powered sugar.  There is always a wait...always.  Get over it, wait, because it will be worth it!	1
My wife and I don't really enjoy southern style food, but we'd heard good things about this place--so we came.  It was an unusually warm November evening, so we got to sit outside. We ordered the root beer on tap, which was quite tasty! I had the cream soda which I really enjoyed. The only downside was they put a lot of ice in the mason jar so my cream soda got watered down real fast.  As an appetizer we got the deviled eggs. The presentation was really nice and the eggs were good, but there was a little too much of the whipped portion of the eggs for my taste. But they were still tasty.  As for the main meal, I got the chicken bacon and egg sandwich, which I quite enjoyed. The sauce on it was really good. Normally I don't really enjoy southern style food, grits and all. But I did enjoy this meal. My wife got the honey chicken sandwich, which I tried, and it was good as well. The pickles on her sandwich were very good! We also ordered a side of the Mac and cheese and I LOVED that! They used penne noodles which I really enjoyed. In fact, the side of Mac and cheese was probably my favorite part!	1
This place was awesome! Went for brunch, had to wait little over an hour for table, but it was so worth the wait. Hostess took our cell phone number and texted us when our table was ready. Went next door to some Irish pub and had couple beers while we waited.  Food was phenomenal! Portion sizes are big and the drinks were spot on! Highly recommend the lobster mac n cheese. Our server was great too. Overall awesome experience.  Will definitely be going back for more!	1
Jacob's Pickles is one of the best places I have been to in NYC. The southern food and service were great. I am always looking for a quality margarita their margaritas were some of the best I have had. I love this place.	1
Completely worth the 45 minute drive into the city. Advice, get there early and have your entire party with you or you can't be seated. We were a party of two so we breezed in with no wait at 9:30. When we left the line waiting was about 20 people deep!  Ambience was great - Southern hip flair. The coffee was bold and flavorful. The biscuits had crispy tops, but were tender on the inside. They gilded the Lilly with regular and cinnamon butters and homemade jams (strawberry, peach) also honey! I honestly could have just had biscuits and coffee and I would have been content. The shrimp in grits was a bit fishy- perhaps on purpose! Shrimp stock maybe? I would not have ordered had I known the heads would still be on the shrimp...ICK. The chicken and pancakes was tasty, bacon added a nice salty crunchy. Portion was huge.  All in all delicious. I'm going to opt for a biscuit sandwich next time. I can't get enough biscuits!	1
I'm addicted to biscuits in a bad way and this is the place to get the good stuff.  My best friend suggested we have dinner here on our double date night. I scoped out the menu and could not be more excited for Wednesday to roll around. We arrived a little before 8:30 and the place was a mad house. My friend gave her name and cell phone number so they could text us in about half an hour when our table would be ready.  The half an hour went so quickly and we were seated right away near the door and packed bar area. Our waitress was sweet and kept coming up to check on us. For drinks 2 decided on the special root beer and one decided on the half tea half lemonade. I only tried the lemonade and it was quite tart but very refreshing.  We started with the biscuits and fixins. 2 huge fluffy biscuits with maple butter, regular butter, strawberry jam, orange jam, and honey. Oh my goodness I was in heaven. Half a biscuit was the perfect amount. The maple butter was addicting but I'm a purist when it comes to biscuits. Butter and honey it was for me! My fiancé poured out some orange jam and found a seed! Actually a good sign proving it was fresh made.  For entrees we opted for even more biscuits! 3 of us had the sausage gravy smothered chicken biscuit and my fiancé had the pickle smothered honey chicken biscuit. Holy smokes the smothered chicken was good. I could only eat about 5 bites after the starter but it was so delicious. And the house made hot sauce was so addicting. My fiancé loved his! The pickles were sliced thin so he had the ability to eat it all together which was nice! We all loved the cheesy grits that were paired with our orders! I'm usually not a grits girl but these were good!  Did I mention how quickly the food came out? I was taking the last bite of our starter when our food came out! Efficient and delicious. I need to come back for brunch. And to try the shrimp and grits. And the rest of the menu!	1
So...I'll start by explaining the 4 stars. I waited more than a few minutes before anyone came over to speak to me. I take this very personal as I used to work in the service industry. The very least you can do is speak to someone and explain that you'll be with them shortly.  Okay, now on a happier note....The food is bomb!   I ordered the honey chicken and biscuits with hot sour pickles. The chicken was juicy and delectable. It was no bone. The pickles are served atop the chicken and biscuits which is drizzled with honey. The pickles were awesome.  The bathrooms downstairs were clean and smelled very fresh and floral. The bathroom has an old country charm. The doors are old on purpose and it is all very cute. All in all I can't wait to come back. Hopefully, next time I won't feel forgotten and tucked away in a corner.	1
Oh my goodness this place.. Best brunch I've ever had. I've never had chicken and pancakes till now and it literally blew my mind. The chicken was unreal. Perfectly crunchy .. Just no words haha. My friend got the French toast which looked amazing as well. I have to come back here!!! I dream about it.	1
Jacob's Pickles, oh man. This place has been on and off my bookmarks list for a long time because as much as I love fried chicken and macaroni and cheese, I don't know how I feel about eating a place that touts pickles. I don't really like pickles. However, one of my graduate school friends said that Jacob's Pickles had one of the best fried chicken and macaroni and cheese that she's ever had. She also said that the portion sizes were pretty hefty so sharing is a big plus. My friends and I ended up going here after our final exams on our mutual friend's behest.  My friend and I arrived at Jacob's Pickles shortly around five PM and luckily for us, that means we beat the early dinner rush. We ended up ordering pickles, some drinks, the fried chicken biscuit sandwich and the fish tacos. Honestly speaking, I was a little deterred by the pickles, but my apparently Jacob's Pickles is famous for their pickles - otherwise, why would it be called Jacob's Pickles? After a myriad of sexual innuendos about pickles, I was ready to try these famous pickles. Surprisingly, these are the best fried pickles I've ever had. I think that the only other place I've had fried pickles was Hooters, which isn't much, but damn. I'm a fan of these pickles. I think the sauce that comes with it (think spicy mayo) really pulls all the flavors together. Jacob's Pickles' pickles are the best, hands down. I'm sure that even the most adamant pickle enemy would appreciate these pickles. Hot damn. My friend seemed to enjoy his fried chicken biscuit sandwich and my fish tacos were pretty solid. I really enjoyed the grilled vegetables that came with it, probably because they were smothered in butter. The best. I mean other than that, everything was okay. I think that Jacob's Pickles is your standard new American restaurant, which means there is hipster ambiance and it's kind of pricy for what you get. I mean other than that, I'm a big fan of their pickles, which is saying a lot because I detest pickles. Would I go back here? Probably not, though. Sorry I'm not sorry, but pickles aren't enough for me to come to the upper west side.	1
Believe the hype on this joint. Great, hip wooden decor and richster clientele who made the trip from Chelsea. This place is packed to the rafters with brunchers ready to sacrifice their week of spin classes at Equinox in order to stuff their faces.  If you're gonna be bad then just do it like i did:  1 order of fried pickles (to share i guess) 1 order of fried chicken fingers (to share i guess) 1 Coop Platter (Three fried eggs, sterling bacon, house made breakfast sausage, grits, biscuit &amp; home fries) Then you're good for life.	1
I love this place! It's be far one of my favorite NYC brunch spots. The wait can be pretty substantial, and they only take reservations for parties of 6+. For example, this past Saturday (freezing, windy, and snowing) at 11:30 there was a 45 - 60 minute wait for a table for 2 (and we actually ended up having to wait longer than an hour). By the time we got seated I overheard the hostess giving a wait time of 1.5-2 hours. BUT, if you can plan accordingly, the wait is definitely worth it. Everything I've tried here is amazing! Specifically, this includes: - a sampling of pickles, I can't remember each kind, but I know all were delicious - fried pickles (amazing!) - biscuits and sausage gravy - honey chicken and pickles - pickles and cheese burger - chicken and pancakes The bloody mary was also great! I have not been here for dinner yet, but I can't see it being bad at all. Can't say no to Southern comfort food :)	1
Excellent find on the UWS! I didn't think I would ever find this kind of bar/restaurant on the UWS. Large space yet feels very intimate with the lighting and candles everywhere. I came on a Thursday night and probably waited 5 minutes to be seated. They text you when the table is ready. The menu was descriptive and very interesting! It was pretty loud in there especially towards the back area which resembles a beer garden due to the communal tables. The front half of the place is more of a restaurant. I immediately felt a rush of energy walking in. The place was very lively and vibe was youthful! I hear wait time is super long on the weekends and I can totally see why!  They have a large variety of excellent and crafty beer selections. They were out of the Banana beer which my friend wanted though :/ Womp Womp. I had the "Rosemary Vodka  Lemonade" for $12. It was decent. At first I thought it was a little weak but it crept up on me quickly. The food is delicious and of course it goes without saying that they have tons of different pickle flavors. I'm a lover for anything sour! Lemon, pickles, olives, you name it and I probably have them stocked in my fridge! This place was my little own heaven on earth. The burger and fries were excellent and not too greasy. Perfectly cooked.  Truly love this place. They opened Dec 2011 and I can't believe I hadn't found them until now. Def go!	1
There are many reasons to fall in love with the UWS and Jacob's Pickles is just one of those many reasons. My friend and I came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon and the place was pleasantly three-quarter of the way full. I love the rustic but not overly rustic ambiance; it was cozy but still modern. Did I mention how GOOD the restaurant smelled? We were treated to the scent of buttermilk, bacon, fried chicken, or all three at any given time.  My friend got the fried chicken and pancakes (huge, I mean HUGE portions) while I opted for the Southern BLT which came with cheese grits (yum, just the right amount, and great consistency), and pickled slaw (amazingly cool and refreshing and went great with the heavier stuff). The buttermilk chicken had the right crunch and weightiness to it, but I wish it was flavored just a tad more.  Surprisingly, I did not get any pickles! My friend did not like pickles (I know, I know how the hell are we friends? Just kidding, Stacey) but I will surely revisit to order up a round and try some more of the stick-to-your-ribs dishes.	1
My experience was similar to most of the other reviews. Went with a good friend, and we loved the beer selection, the menu of richly flavored (and high calorie) biscuits which were too scrumptious to leave much left on our plates, and of course, the pickles. Festive environment. Will go again when I have the urge for home cooking.	1
I don't like to give out five-star reviews. Most of my favorite places get a 4 out of me, because it takes something truly special to rise above the rest. And no, I don't mean it needs to be a highbrow, formal dress, "five-star" steakhouse overlooking two rivers and a million lights. "Special" can simply be lovely atmosphere, warm greetings, conversation, and amazing food. This place does all that and pulls it off with aplomb. The food (sausage gravy chicken biscuit sandwich, in this case) was spectacular. The bartender (my waiter) was wonderfully friendly and engaging. The price was fantastic for how good I ate. I really don't know what else to say but WOW. I'll definitely be returning here for lunch!	1
Pretty good food, the portions are normal sized. I don't think pickles are their standout offering even though their name says "pickles", and there are a variety of pickled items to choose from.  I had the fried chicken which came with grits. It was boneless, but the meal was full and satisfying.	1
Great Southern Food!! It's a young and trendy spot on the UWS. Prepare for a long wait and noisy dinner if you go Thursday through Sunday evenings.  I have to eat gluten free and the staff is knows how to accommodate. I've had the salmon salad and shrimp and grits without problems. Most of their dishes are delicious  but intense in heaviness.  One entree has more saturated fat than I eat in a week. When they first opened, they served more 'light' entrees.  I noticed most of the young ladies were just picking at their heavy dishes or ordering salads.   I also miss their wide assortment of on-tap ciders. The root beer and root beer float are not to be skipped. Long waits. Check in cuz they forget to text when your table if ip frequently. Worth the wait and worth every calorie.	1
Got there on a Saturday night with no reservations. Was told to wait for 30 mins at the bar. Got a table in 10. The lobster mac and cheese and the fried chicken biscuits were amazing. The portions were generous and the service friendly. Would almost certainly go on a monthly basis if I lived in New York	1
Place is busy as hell on a weekend for brunch. Be ready to wait, but it's worth the wait! The fried chicken with biscuits and gravy is killer, it will also probably kill you, but it's so good. Not a good place for a health kick... the fried pickles and Bloody Mary were enough to hold me over until the food came. The service is OK, depends on who you get really, and they don't serve decaf coffee or tea which is kind of ridiculous if you ask me. I have been back a bunch of times though and would recommend for an indulgent moment in the city	1
Good food, good service, okay prices! Very busy place so reservation seems like a good idea!	1
I had the honey chicken sandwich on cornbread with hot sour pickles and a side of fries; It was really good. The grit crusted fried green tomato appetizer didn't blow me away. The Dirty Aphrodite with vodka and pickle brine was amazing and comparable to a dirty vodka martini. The only downside was that there are way too many tables crammed into the place. We could barely hear the music over the roar of all the people sitting around me. Our server also seemed too busy having a conversation with another employee to notice we had finished our meal about thirty minutes earlier. Another server was able to get her attention for the check. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for others to try but I don't see it as a place that people would make a habit of going to.	1
Amazing Food! Biscuits and Gravy are phenomenal!! As well as the French toast and home fries! Perfect for brunch.	1
Okay, this place is worth the wait - at least once. My friend and I strolled over here lazily on a Sunday at 1:30pm, expecting a long wait. Boy, we got one! We waited about an hour and twenty minutes for a table for two. The food was everything I hoped it would be and more: homemade sour pickles and a fried chicken-egg-bacon-cheese biscuit with cheesy grits for me, and the chicken and pancakes with an extra chocolate chip banana biscuit for my friend. Everything tasted extremely fresh and delicious AND was delivered to our table in a timely manner, despite the fact that the restaurant was insanely busy.  Dare I say this place could turn me into a pickle-obsessed freak? I've never been a huge fan of pickles but they were amazing here and I gobbled them up like they were going out of style. I'll be back at some point but I don't think I'd want to wait nearly 1.5 hours every time I want brunch. Come here before the Sunday rush -  but definitely make sure you get over to Jacob's Pickles as soon as humanly possible.	1
Jacob's Pickles is dangerously delicious.  A heart attack waiting to happen.  But so, so good.  Serious comfort food and a fantastic beer selection.  I've been there twice, and need some time to plan my third visit (it requires a few days of training).	1
Good food all around and huge portions! All the entrees we ordered could have fed two people. I ordered the the coop platter and the liked the sausage and biscuit lot. Even though I'm usually not a pickle lover, the pickles here are really good, not overly strong, and nice and crunchy. Came on NYE for lunch and the place was pretty packed, but they take your phone number when you get in line so that can they text you when you have 5 minutes to get to your table.	1
Same staple dishes every time I come here, plus we sometimes try new ones on top of them, depending on who we are with (and ALL are very good to incredibly good): -Pickle flight -Fried pickles -Beef jerky (husband enjoys this) -Biscuit sandwich with sausage gravy w/fries or organic cheese grits  -Friends also recommend the: chicken with pancakes; biscuit sandwich with mushroom gravy, burger. -Root beers (any of them and/or the root beer with rum drink) -THE BREAD PUDDING for dessert (made with biscuits; do not stop, do not pass go, just order this for dessert and trust.) Worth the wait. Be flexible. If needed, put your name on the list and then go play board games and have drinks at E's Bar next door while you wait.	1
So minus the fact that the host was extremely rude and gave us pretty harsh attitude over the fact that some of our party has not yet arrived since we told the to rush but get there based on the wait time give  (which was d an hour and a half wait estimate to only be seated 20 minutes later) the over all brunch experience was just great.  I got the BLT and it was SO SO SO SO SO much food, but absolutely delicious. The cole slaw honestly stole the show for me and thats saying a lot considering there was bacon, fried green tomatoes, super flaky biscuits and of course fried chicken on the plate. I would 100% go back. It was the perfect home with a twist heart breakfast which was perfectly seasoned.  Also their bloody marry's are absolutely delicious, and picture perfect.	1
If I'd had a son who went missing at birth it would be Jacob - pickles, growlers of great beer, organic eggs and biscuits - how could you go wrong.  The first time I went we were a party of eight and we sat in the back room.  Gus was our waiter and everything was outstanding. We started with a pickle sampler, I just love pickles! I'm not sure what everyone else had but I had leek sausage, cabbage and some of my son's grits.   The second time we sat outside and had lunch. I had some sort of chicken sandwich with bbq sauce and who knows what else.  It was my idea of ambrosian of the gods! Oh Jacob's Pickle, I wish you'd open a satelite in upstate New York.  I swear I'd eat there every day if I could.   They only lose a star because I can't manage to use their online reservation system.  It would seem that they're booked up until the end of the year.	1
Amazing food and great service! I guess we came in on a good day as the notorious service was way way better than expected. Our server was so kind and really attentive -- however, we did come in when it was really not busy at all.  A friend and I came upon this place after hearing so much about it around 1 pm on a Wednesday. There were very few people in there which worked out for us because we had been worried about the wait after hearing about how long it can be. She got the mushroom gravy with chicken and biscuit and I got the fried chicken with pancakes. The portion sizes are really HUGE so be prepared to eat a whole bunch. I recommend getting the picked jalapeno as we found it was the perfect kick and right note of acidity to complement the fried and starchy texture of the chicken, biscuits, grits and pancakes. One thing, however: I am a stickler about restaurant bathrooms and the one time I was there, the bathroom was so poorly lit you couldn't see anything and the smell was pretty bad and there was toilet paper (and random things?) on the floor. I might be overreacting though because I always think bathrooms are a good indication of how a kitchen is run. If you're not cleaning up something that is open access to your customers, how well are you managing the kitchen behind the scenes?	1
<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tangentpursuit.com&amp;s=61ec7cc2114c51e4ae21cf6d481a465feb536838346ec443784778d3f70c0a3e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">tangentpursuit.com</a> Here's how you have to do jacob's pickles:  1) Go an hour or two before you actually want to eat. There's always a wait and with good reason: it's awesome. Put down your name and party size - they'll text you with 5-10 minute grace period before your table is ready. 2) If you're with friends, head next door to E's bar. If you're on a date, go over to Fred's across the street. Grab a drink during your inevitable time spent waiting. 3) Get the text and head back to Jacob's. Be seated in a cozy, impeccably-decorated atmosphere. Marvel at the perfectly executed decor where craftsmen-style meets industrial warmth. Also, maybe go downstairs to the bathroom to wash your hands and wonder how they even make a joint bathroom space an inviting place to be. 4) ORDER THE APPLE PIE MOONSHINE. Just do it. I promise 5) Order the fried chicken or the shrimp bacon grits. Don't forget about the pickles, naturally. And if you're a deviled eggs person, definitely take advantage of those. It's hard to go wrong with the menu selection but I will say this: order the southern food. Stick to the basics. I'm sure everything is good at Jacob's, but their specalties are the BEST. Then, leave wondering how you spent so little $ for such a chic-energetic evening out with friends or loved ones. Plan to come back soon, knowing you've found a neighborhood favorite...	1
Amazing food and service!!! I love this place! I heard there's always a line and now I know why. The manager Ben was very attentive and made sure everything was going well at our table. We had the deliciously juicy burger with fries, their homemade ketchup too! Everything is homemade there! The catfish fish tacos were very good with all the trimmings of cole slaw and slices of radish. I had the best pancakes I've ever had!!! They were fluidly and so tasty! Even with the little maple syrup on it, you don't even need too much more homemade maple syrup! And it comes with bits of bacon and crispy fried chicken dipped in syrup! OMG I must go back! Everyone seemed to order the Mac n cheese! We ended off with some fried Oreos!! My first time and I would definitely get it again!!!	1
I am definitely a fan. Their breakfast/brunch items are the winners in the menu. They know their biscuits are good, which is why they surround 1/3 of their menu around it.  To start off with their pickled items: You can buy jars of their pickled items (small; $7, large; $11).  Favorites:  Hot sour: not too spicy but definitely has a kick to it Dilly green beans: super sour and crunchy and super addictive.  ***The most disappointing one would have to be the Sweet and spicy carrots. They were a little too hard in my opinion and the flavors don't really penetrate as well as the other veggie items.  Entree:  Fried Chicken and Pancake: two HUGE pancakes with a good portion of fried chicken. Can't complain about that! Caution: Not the biggest fan of their molasses syrup. Its on the runny side and sometimes a bit too sweet. So taste the syrup before you drench it in everything.  Chicken Caesar: thought it would be better. Regular ice berg lettuce, tons of fresh parmesan and the execution on the biscuit croutons were just okay.  Sandwiches are great: the aged cheddar that they use is so rich.  Sides: Fries: Huge bowl of seasoned fries for only $7	1
Seriously delicious food. Amazing!! I can not say enough good things about the food.  I got their matzo ball soup &amp; not only is it huge it's really delicious &amp; at only $9 it's an amazing deal. We also ordered the Mac &amp; cheese. It was out of this world good. Made with 5 different kinds of cheeses. It's ooey gooey amazing.  The bf ordered their crispy chicken Caesar salad &amp; our friend ordered the shrimp &amp; grits. They both ate them all up. We also got the biscuits with honeys &amp; deviled eggs. Everything tasted as if it's cooked at home. So good!!! Oh! They have Mexican coke, which the bf ordered and an amazing selection of beers.  For dessert we got their biscuit bread pudding which comes a la mode. The vanilla ice cream was so good. You could taste that it was made with real heavy cream &amp; you could see the vanilla beans. The bread pudding was good but I've had better. However the combination of the 2 was oh so good.  Our server was so nice &amp; took such good care of us. All the staff was very attentive, from the hostess to the food runner &amp; bus boys.  Why the 4 star rating? Well, only reason I can't give this place a 5 is because it's really, like REALLY crowed. Maybe they need to rearrange their seating. I don't know. But it felt like everyone was on top of each other. It was difficult to get out of my chair to go to the bathroom without asking the person behind me to move up their chair a bit so I could get out. I rather wait a little longer &amp; eat comfortably than feel congested by so many people. But then again, I hear that for brunch the wait could be about an hour so. Maybe that's why they are trying to get everyone in there. I don't know.  I guess I give this place 4.5 stars. Go for the amazing food &amp; good service. Be prepared to feel crowed &amp; if it's a hot day, it's gonna be hot.	1
Trendy, quaint spot upperside.  Great cocktails and plates.  Long wait and tight quarters but overall worth the visit!  Love the open wall for bar..   Enjoyed the homemade pickles and loved the truffle mac n cheese.  Other great offerings as well.  Expect to pay high prices to be expected in the city.	1
Came here on a random tuesday night with my boyfriend for a couple drinks... he's awesome.  O... and the place was good too. ------------------------------------ UPDATE (10.17.14): my bf wrote the above lol. either way, i still love jacob's pickles. amazing, amazing southern food. the bloody BLT is a must. their mushroom gravy sauce is out of this world.	1
Wouldn't you know our last night in New York we stumbled into what would be our favorite place. We were just looking for dessert after wandering out of our subpar Greek food experience and were delighted to find this wonderful bar/restaurant. Now here's a tip for the management from someone who's in the business. The two most important things you do to make money are collecting money and taking the orders. There was a single server, who seemed to do a good job, but was overwhelmed in the front. The food came out near instantaneously so that tells me that the kitchen is well staffed and trained. But for you to make money, you need to be able to intake orders quickly. It also makes the customers happy. That's my only complaint, you need more servers. Now we had the biscuits and gravy and they were great. The dessert was some kind of a biscuit with ice cream, but tons of ice cream. There was 3 in our group and we could not finish it but the girls wanted to finish it. We painted Manhattan red with our food excursions and this was unanimously our favorite place. It was just right down the street from where we were staying on Upper West Side. Loved it here, till next time...	1
The biscuit and mushroom gravy were solid. The cheese grits had a really decadent taste that We absolutely loved. Fried chicken was also great. This spot never dissapoints...portions are huge and the armosphere is nice. Large space, children friendly.	1
This place is wonderful if you like delicious, Southern comfort food. It was very packed on a Saturday night so definitely make reservations. Its dark, cozy and intimate with really cool vintage accents. The menu is quite extensive obviously offering several pickle varieties but also your standard southern dishes: fried green tomatoes, deviled eggs, biscuits, etc, a great list of cocktails, beers, and even some awesome root beers on tap. It was very hard to choose. For a party of 4 we ordered 2 fried pickle apps. The portion is gigantic and even 1 order might have been too much for 4 people. The fried pickles were really good but came as whole spears instead of circular pickle slices (which we all would have preferred).  Upon the server's suggestion, I ordered the honey chicken biscuit sandwich and it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. The fried chicken is juicy and the breading is delicious (not spicy). The biscuit is flakey and does a good job soaking up the juices from the sandwich. The touch of honey adds the right amount of sweetness. It's also heaped with shredded pickles which were delicious but there was definitely way too much on there (maybe as for them on the side). It comes with a piping hot tin of creamy, cheddar cheesy grits that were to die for. I got my sandwich leftovers wrapped but they forgot to include the grits. I was SOO sad and still mourn those poor wasted grits. I would go back just to eat a side of those.	1
I love this place, the food is absolutely amazing. Fried pickles are so freaking good, devil eggs, and I've had the pancakes and fried chicken. The southern blt is my favorite the only way to eat it is with a knife and fork because it is stacked in a huge biscuit fried tomato, the best fried chicken I've probably ever had and coleslaw which I never eat but this place makes everything so damn good that only from here I will eat the coleslaw. They have a very good beer selection and the drinks are also exceptional. And if you come here you can't leave without eating the biscuit pudding topped with ice cream. One of my favorite restaurants in NYC	1
I went here with my girlfriend this past Sunday for dinner. It was pretty busy but the wait wasn't bad, only 10-15 minutes. I ordered the Catfish Tacos, it was ok, not enough fish. My girlfriend ordered the Mushroom Gravy Smothered Chicken which we BOTH enjoyed. I also ordered a side of mac &amp; cheese... good portion &amp; taste good too. The service at Jacob's Pickles is pretty good... waitress checked on us often enough and was friendly. The General Manager even stopped by our table and conversed with us for about 3-5 minutes, very friendly guy.  I can't remember how I found out about this place but I'm glad I did. I'll definitely be back and I'll be sure to tell my friends &amp; family about this place too!	1
I have been wanting to try this place for a while, but was always discouraged by the wait to get in. I had the fortune of going in the late afternoon on a weekday while staycation-ing in NYC with a visiting friend. We started with the special sour cukes - by far the best pickle I've had in my life (and I am a total pickle nerd). We then each got a biscuit sandwich - me, the mushroom gravy smothered chicken, and him, the southern BLT. Both were exceptionally exciting!! As were the cheesy grits that came on the side. The only downside is that the plates are HUGE so it's unfortunate that you can't eat everything on the plate - trust me, you will attempt to try, but you will only get so far before you start sweating. Definitely worth the wait!	1
Well what can I say the guys here really make it a point to get to know you or at least make you feel your at home . Warm comfortable ambiance with great music playing in the background  . The food is real comfort food makes you feel you mom is cooking in the kitchen . All I can say us try to call in advance make a reservation. It might be a long wait to get seated .	1
Well, now I'm really glad I moved to the UWS because that just means I get to be close to Jacob's Pickles. My boyfriend came upon this place and since he's a big big big fan of southern food, we had to try it.  Skimming the menu I happened upon their Bloody BLT. BACON. BACON. BACON. BACON IN BLOODY MARY. Whoever thought of this idea is GENIUS. Not only was the drink beautiful to look at but so extraordinarily refreshing.  Next, to no one's surprise I ordered the Southern BLT. BACON BACON BACON AGAIN. The portions were HUGE and I mean HUGE, like you could eat it also for dinner... maybe even again for breakfast the next day. But most importantly, it was also delicious and I enjoyed the fried green tomato in it-- really brought the dish together.	1
To kick off the night, I ordered the Dirty Aphrodite. This was a simple cocktail made with vodka, Dirty Dill Pickle Brine and pickled green beans. The first half was great while the second half got a bit too picklely for me!  We started with some appetizers - one of the many perks of dining with a group! The special sour cukes were fantastic and so were the fries.  Jacob chatted with our table and sent over some fried pickles. I've never had a corn dog but this reminds me of one. The coating was light and fluffy and not drenched in oil. If you have a chance to speak to the owner, go for it: he is awesome! Out of all the entrees we split, I LOVED the Chicken &amp; Pancakes. It was a knock-out dish. If you're going for a healthy option, don't get the salad - just don't come here! To enjoy the food, you need to indulge a bit...or a lot! The salads were tasty (spinach and wedge) but a bit heavy handed on the dressings. The chicken sandwich was yummy with PLENTY of pickles! The mac and cheese was ENORMOUS. Just ridiculously sized. I wanted to try it but was too full from all the pancakes! This is an AWESOME spot. I didn't even look to see if they have dessert since I couldn't physically move. I had to roll out of there. I imagine whatever is on any menu is delicious here! Also, there is outdoor seating!	1
This place is amazing.  Me and my girlfriend came here for an early dinner to check it out. We ordered the fried pickles to start. It was a sizable portion and they were fantastic. They probably are the best fried pickles I have had in my life. For the main course my girlfriend got the fried chicken and pancakes. The chicken was perfectly cooked and the pancake was thick and fluffy.  I got the fried chicken and sausage gravy. It was delicious and a huge portion. It came with grits which were ok. I'm not a fan of grits.  The portions are huge  The food is delicious  I will definitely be back !	1
My friend picked this place due to Yelp reviews.  Got seated right away besides being busy with all the hipsters.  It's not tourist spot I'm pretty sure.  Reminds me of some restaurants in the Mission here in SF.   I wanted something light so ended up getting salad with their fried chicken.  Chicken was moist and salad was huge but I managed to finish it.  I also tried their rootbeer I think which was good.  I was hoping their biscuit was warm but not.  It was a good spot but not the real deal soul food.  Good place to hang out with friends for happy hour or catch up.	1
This place is a foodie dream! Hot tea and Oscar blues ole chub nitro craft beer (that I can hardly ever get) and a tray of 4 pickled appetizers started us off. The tastes were original and perfect! We had the tacos and mushroom chicken biscuit sandwich. True genius and skill! We finished with a dessert of the biscuits and jam...$67.	1
This is a review for the second time I've been here (and the review is for BRUNCH only). This place is like heaven. In fact, it IS heaven. Aside from the long lines. That's more like hell or the DMV. The first thing to know about Jacob's Pickles is that EVERYBODY knows about Jacob's Pickles. So what does that mean? If you have a party of two, show up 30 minutes before you actually want to start eating. Party of 4? Show up 60 minutes before you actually want to start eating. Party of 6+? Give up, go home, and cry because you're never getting a table. But if you manage to get through the hordes of hangry New Yorkers, you are in for the treat of your life. If you like Southern food, chicken, rustic environments, breakfast comforts, or enthusiastic servers, this is the place for you. Aside from the slightly bored/tired hostess at the front of the desk, I thought the service was impeccable. Our waiter was very attentive and the bussers made sure we had water and that dirty plates were cleared. Let's get on with the food. When the waiter came, I ordered the mushroom gravy smothered chicken. As he was about to leave, I called him back and asked him what he preferred, the mushroom or the sausage. He said sausage by far, so I changed my order and waited to be delighted. When the food came, I realized I still had the mushroom. I tasted it and it was AMAZING, so I said whatever and ate it all. The gravy was thick yet not overpowering and the mushrooms added a nice balance to the perfectly crisp chicken underneath, which was seasoned very well. Their grits with cheese was also to die for and I cannot recall a time I have consumed a biscuit as heavenly as this one. All in all, it was an excellent meal that I could not imagine getting better. When the waiter returned to ask about the food, I laughed and told him that I got the wrong order and that since it tasted great, I didn't mind eating it anyway. He was very apologetic and a minute later the manager appeared and told us to save room for dessert that was on the house. Talk about great service! I felt terrible because I wasn't fishing for complimentary dishes and tried to argue out of it, but the manager was insistent. We ordered the rice pudding which was very good but too much for two people, especially after a filling meal. In the end, they accidentally charged me for the sausage gravy chicken instead of the mushroom one, but hey, when you get great service, I don't mind paying an extra buck for it. If you haven't been here, check it out. But not too often, because I want a table too.	1
In the heart of UWS where you find the largest population of single women in the city, this place surprisingly has more men than women eating. The reason is - the portion is huge. Brunch pancake ends up looking like the Naan at middle eastern kebab place... no kidding.  Fried pickle is fantastic, beets taste great. However, the western omelette tastes just so so. The one I had was very cheesy, oily, and too ordinary. It was lack of the flavor that made me want to order it again.	1
Been here twice for brunch in the last two months. Make sure you come here hungry because the portions are HUGE! They also might have the best pancakes I've ever eaten. The bbq biscuit sandwich is also to die for. Will definitely be back here again for a third brunch!	1
Second visit, great food, ambience and service.  Had the special, can't remember name but it could have had more fried chicken and less ham but was delicious; waiter brought my 6 yr old grandson 3 samples of root beer, who decided they all tasted the same and were all the best! Great place!	1
Dining Dates 11/22 &amp; 11/24: My wife and I stayed the weekend in Manhattan with our 5 year old daughter to check out the American Natural History Museum and see the Christmas Spectacular at Radio City. On Friday evening we stopped in Jacob's for a snack and drinks. We loved the pickled carrots and fried pickles, and the unique beer list. The guy sitting next to us noticed we were enjoying ourselves and struck up a conversation for a few minutes about how much we like the place. Fifteen minutes later a manager stopped by to tell us he had a dessert for us. He pointed to the man we had been talking to and said the dessert was compliments of Jacob. We did not make the connection at first, but soon realized Jacob was the owner. We thanked him for the dessert and made a reservation for Sunday brunch. We came back Sunday and had an amazing breakfast.  The breakfast biscuit sandwiches were like nothing I have ever had before. The cheese was so fresh and delicious, the home made sausage was fantastic, and the biscuit was amazing.  My wife also thoroughly enjoyed the biscuits and gravy, and even my little girl cleaned her plate (if you have a 5 year old, you know that's a rare occurrence). I've read the other reviews, and all I can say is that the service here was outstanding and friendly. We were truly treated like guests, and the entire experience on both occasions was perfect. I read the complaints about the wait times (which we did not experience), and based on the meals and service, I can understand why people wait hours for a table here. If you do not want a wait, there are many other places up and down the block, but none compare to Jacob's. Thanks Jacob!  We'll be back next time we are visiting the city!  I'd give 10 stars if I could! FYI, loved the music too!	1
Yum!  Just, yum!  The drinks are delicious, the chicken is perfect, the mac and cheese is to die for, and their daily specials are amazing.  My favorite restaurant in the city, hands down!	1
Threw my boyfriend a surprised birthday party here on a Sunday night. The hostess at the door was not aware of the party being a surprise (although I was told over the phone that they put a note in) but thank god she caught on immediately when I started winking at her and trying to make her read my lips that i am saying "its a surprise!!!" LOL she immediately told another person to seat us to "our table for 2" and the person took us to our table where all our friends were! Birthday boy was surprised!!! I read a lot of tips and reviews before choosing this place so I knew what to order and we ordered a whole lot!!! Totally had the fried chicken with pancakes drizzled with honey--the boyfriend loved that. There were 2 beers in particular he wanted to try but they didnt have it that night so we will have to come back (brunch!). The pickles sampler was amazing! Loved every one of it!!!! The biscuits reminds me of corn bread but better--i totally fell in love with the spread..i think it has maple syrup in it and unsure what else was in it but it was so so so good. I had the pork belly mussels which was yummy. Mac and cheese was a must. Some people did order the turkey leg and thought it was dry. The drinks were strong enough and tasted good. Well, i did hear the bloody mary was a tad bit on the spicier side. The food was really good and everyone took home leftovers because we ordered way too many appetizers to begin with. But the whole party of 17 said the food was reaally good and they would definitely come back. They kept asking me where did i find this restaurant!!! (Thanks Yelpers!!! The staff was very attentive with refilling our drinks and i believe the manager (not sure of his position) even came over to make sure our party was ok and if we needed anything. The guys really liked the music that played all night lol boyfriend ended up asking the manager about his playlist. It was a little too dark in the back seating area. We all had to use our phone flash lights to read the menus LOL its probably brighter during the day but night time, it was dark! Overall, so happy to have picked this restaurant to celebrate the boyfriend's 28th birthday and he was so happy cos i found all his favorites in one spot -- beers biscuits pickles and fried chicken!!! We will definitely be back for brunch and some more!!!	1
I dunno if I can add anything that other yelpers have not already spoken about.  (This review is all about the brunch) +Delicious, humongous portions.  +Fried chicken is amazing. +Deep fried pickles are amazing +Pancakes literally bigger than my face +Cool and comfortable decor +Tasty and strong drinks +Friendly bartenders/servers -Pricey, though not ridiculous for the area or for the quality of food you're getting (with a drink I spent around 30 including tax and tip).   I think the brunch entrees are around 15-20, it's really the drinks that drive up the price here.   Will be a go-to brunch spot from now on for me.  Nom.	1
Amazing. Very good food, big dishes and pretty nice environment. We got chicken with pancakes and Louisiana gumbo, they were both pretty yummy!!	1
This is officially one of my favorite places for brunch.  I LOVE this place.   BIGGEST TIP:  Reserve prior to your brunch date.  Place can get pretty packed and non-reservations can sometimes experience an hour wait for a table.  Strangely to say, I was about half-dead with starvation before we got a table and we waited half an hour.  It was definitely worth the wait but I think next time, I'll be a bit smarter and put in a reservation (going back this coming weekend!).  Ok...the run-down: -Biscuits n fixins:  Not exactly the type of biscuit like Bubbly or Popeyes.  It felt more like a non-sweet corn bread to me (and it was squared), but it was still absolutely delicious!  This could also be because they give you maple-butter as one of the butter spreads and it made the biscuit taste like a pancake! -Shrimp and bacon grits:  I'm not a big expert on grits but from my experience, this wasn't that bad.  A good amount of bacon spread across the top of the plate and around 6 shrimps.  I lightly smashed the shrimp heads into the grits so the shrimp flavor can leak out and soak in.  The grits were creamy.   -Fish tacos:  The cilantro-pickled slaw on top of the fish is an excellent addition.  It added a lot to the complex flavor to the taco.  Definitely a surprising experience for me since I'm not a big fan for fish tacos OR cilantro, but this definitely appealed to my foodie mind.  -Mac n cheese:  We ordered the side order of Mac n' cheese.  I didn't like the fact that the cheese was a bit runny, but the gyuere cheese used for the dish definitely made the Mac n' Cheese a bit lighter on the stomach.  -Mushroom-smothered chicken:  The gravy was extremely packed with mushroom flavor.  I'm not a fan since I don't like white meat chicken since they come dry (which this one did a bit), but this might be good for someone who loves truffles or mushrooms.  Yes, I'm coming back.  I'm going to either try the french toast or the pancake with chicken.  Or both.  We'll see....	1
SO. MUCH. FOOD. I read a review of this place where a lady complained about how full she was when she left this place and I thought she was exaggerating...LITTLE. DID. I. KNOW...that she was telling the truth! At the end of the meal I couldn't move...like it hurt to walk and breathe and definitely trying to do both at the same time lol.  Fried green tomatoes are my absolute favorite! Jacob's green tomatoes were really good.  They weren't fried too hard and the crispness didn't overpower the tomato. The sauce served on the side (and not the pickle juice--ironic that I come to a place called Jacob's Pickles and I actually hate pickles) was amazing and definitely gave the dish a much needed flare.   I had the chicken, bacon, egg and cheddar biscuit with grits. As a southerner the grits were...ehh disappointing. I wasn't impressed and could've done without. I forgot the grits were there honestly. However, the rest of the meal was fantastic. The biscuit was fantastic and the aged cheddar was out of this world! The fried chicken was good...it could've used a little more seasoning but it was good. The bacon was amaze too! The only complaint I have is that I wanted more bacon...GIVE ME ALL THE BACON SO I CAN HAVE ALL THE FEELS. Jacob's Pickles is such a cute restaurant that provides a vibrant brunch atmosphere with amazing food! There's no bottomless option BUT for a place that provides so much food it isn't really necessary (I can't believe I just said bottomless isn't necessary...who am I?!)	1
This place is fine I guess, but nowhere near worthy of the perpetual lines out the door and hour plus wait times for brunch. Make sure you are in the mood for some heaviness when you come here, because they serve up a ton of deliciously overwhelming stuff. You should probably try some of the namesake food, with the Fried Pickles ($9) being an excellent choice to start. As opposed to the typical little fried chips, these are long, lightly coated spears and are delicious. After that, move on to even more beige and try one of the popular biscuit sandwiches. We tried the Chicken Bacon Egg and Cheese ($16), which really was great. The biscuit that all of those glorious ingredients are placed on is so soft, buttery and delicious, but is hard to notice will all of the other heavy flavors going on. I would maybe try a biscuit on its own next time to better appreciate it. The biscuit sandwiches also come with some bland cheese grits which I don't get the appeal of, but everybody else seems to swear by them. We also tried another overwhelming plate that everybody seems to order, the Chicken and Pancakes ($15). This sounded like an interesting alternative to the typical combination of chicken and waffles, but the pancakes got kind of boring after a few bites. The chicken though was really excellent. If you really love plain pancakes or don't mind drowning them in syrup, then this dish is a must try. I was expecting to get some dessert of course, but after all that grease I almost heaved when I saw a waiter bring by the Fried Oreos to another table, so we skipped it. I noticed that they serve them with cream, which seems pretty unnecessary - I would prefer them with some nice refreshing ice cream to counter all of that hot, fried oil taste. This place has a very brunchy crowd with a very brunchy feel. It makes me think that there really aren't too many great brunch choices on the Upper West Side when I see how packed it always is here. Still though, it's definitely worth putting up with the wait at least once to try some of the delicious biscuits and fried chicken.	1
The menu looked a bit bazaar and I did not have any expectations.  But to my surprise, the food was amazing.   The Brooklyn Gin great.  The fried chicken with spicy pickles was wonderful.  You only can come here once a month as it is an ass busting cuisine...	1
With this many reviews, there's not much more I can say.  Don't expect an egg-white frittata with a small spinach salad on the side.  Expect big, heavy, delicious entrees.  My wife had the most amazing croque madam.  The pancakes were some of the best I've had too.  Also, I can see what it's considered one of the best bloody marys in the city.	1
If you are craving Southern food this is your spot.  Huge portions, cheap price and great atmosphere. And the staff here is very nice and attentive to their patrons. Make sure you get here early to get a table or put your name on the list since this place gets PACKED.  I got the fried chicken and pancakes, it was really tasty. Although I wish it was waffles it still hit the spot and the bits of bacon that they sprinkle all over the place give it that salty and sweet thing goin' on. Also try their biscuits and gravy.  Word of advice don't order too many apps since their entrees are HUGE.	1
Love this place! It's always packed but I've never really had to wait more than 15 mins for a table. Prices - extremely reasonable for the quality of the food in my opinion. Drinks prices are stock standard. $13 average for wine and I think cocktails $15 from memory. Food - Everything I have tried has been delish! Yes, comfort food!! The fried chicken is delish! Recently had the shrimp gumbo which was really tasty. Portions are large too so you will not leave hungry. The pancake serving is huge, you'll need a nap afterwards. Atmosphere - great vibe, friendly crowd with candle lit ambience.  One of my fav locals in the UWS!!	1
Wow! What a fun and cozy brunch spot. Neighborhood gem! Don't leave the house without biscuits, root beer and pickles. Staff is lovely and super efficient. We'll definitely be back.	1
We came here based on a recommendation from a friend and so happy we did. We shared some fried pickles and the honey chicken and pickles biscuit sandwich and it was all fantastic! The menu had a great variety and I would love to come back to try a few other items.  Oh yeah - great beer selection.  And cheese grits! And outdoor seating.	1
We had a great experience here last night. I know this place has a tendency to be quite busy, but we went around 6 pm on a Monday and were able to grab a seat right away. By 7 pm, however, the place had filled up and the wait was probably 15 minutes or more.  Service was good. Our server gave us his honest opinion about specific beers (some he liked, others he didn't), and kept our glasses full without feeling like we were being pestered.  We had the fried pickles (our first visit, how could we not?) as an appetizer, and split the bacon and shrimp grits, and fried chicken and pancakes. The fried chicken and pancakes came with a house-made maple syrup and sprinkled with crispy chopped bacon. It was delicious, and even though I ordered the grits, my companion and I switch plates half way through, and she never got the chicken back. The grits were cheesy and the shrimp were well seasoned and came with the heads in tact.  Additionally, this place has a good beer selection, with detailed descriptions of each one in the menu. There were quite a few items on the menu we are eager to try, so we will definitely be going back.	1
The crunchy bacon, the deviled egg, the iceberg wedge... the BLT Bloody Mary in all its chunky, spicy glory is a sight to behold. Be hungry. It's a meal, it's a drink, and it's everything you could want, all in a mason jar. The dickleback is also not to be missed; it's by far the best, most uniquely delicious pickle brine I've ever had - equally sweet, sour, and salty.  I don't know about the food, and I don't care. My friends seem to love the biscuit offerings, though, and the portions, through my fuzzy, liquor goggles do look impressive. (As do other things, including the bartender with the long-ish dark hair, but hey.) Jacob's Pickles is a really special spot and truly my saving grace after a long day working in the wasteland of the Upper West. Always crowded, but super packed during brunch, I find that the best time is right after work, around 6-something. Check it out!!	1
Love love love this place/ great service/ great food/ best chicken and banana pancakes I've ever had! Chef Glenn is a great addition to this well groomed establishment.  Cheers	1
I came here with a friend on a Friday evening. We got there a bit before 6 and the place was already half full, which was incredible since the place is quite large. We still got seated immediately one one of the tables in the back (feels a bit stuffy though, so if you can, I recommend that you either sit outside or in the front bar area). First, we ordered 4 kinds of pickles to share: special sour cukes, hot sour cukes, big dill kosher cukes and sweet &amp; spicy carrots. They were all very delicious, despite the fact that I usually don't even enjoy pickles that much. They were quite large in portion too, so we ended up finishing less than 1/3 of it or so (But we bagged them, so no wasted pickles there!) For entree, I got the mushroom gravy smothered chicken biscuit sandwiches. It was possibly one of the tastiest things I've had in the city. The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy and moist on the inside; the biscuit was moist and fluffy; the gravy was very rich and creamy; and the mushrooms were perfectly cooked. The cheese grits served on the side were absolutely delicious as well. I enjoyed every single bite of that dish, but I couldn't finish it because the portion is just so huge! I also got to try a bit of my friend's Turkey Leg, which was great as well: the meat was juicy and perfectly cooked, and the mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce served on the side were delicious as well.  Overall, this place has some of the best southern comfort food in the city. The staff is very friendly and responsive. It's on the more expensive side, but the portion is huge enough to make up for it. The only complaint I have is that this place fills up really quickly and there is often a very long wait. I recommend that you come here early with a small group of people (or make a reservation if you have a large enough group).	1
Had to try Jacob's Pickles after so many great reviews! GLAD I DID! :)  Had to wait about 40 mins for a table, but it wasn't too bad. I took the time to visit a street fair in the meanwhile. They text you and you have five minutes to get back. Easy Peasy. I ordered the Chicken and Pancakes. Absolutely Delicious! The chicken was a combination of sweet and spicy. So very delicious.  I asked for ketchup and their homemade mustard, but really didn't need it; the chicken can stand on its own.  My friend had the Mushroom Gravy Smothered Chicken and she loved it. I had some of the biscuit and it was AMAZING.... holy crap.  I was gonna go out later that night so I skipped drinks, but my friend had the Rosemary Vodka Lemonade and it was delicious!! Next time I visit, I will def order that.  Go to Jacob's Pancakes. It is very worth the wait!! :)	1
SO GOOD! I had their root beer they brew themselves, the fried pickles which are full pickle spears and fried in the most amazing batter ever, and sausage gravy smothered fried chicken. This was by far the best food I've had on our trip.	1
Phenomenal brunch spot. I wouldn't say that the food is truly representative of southern food, but the dishes are by no means not comforting. I guess showing up early and beating the rush is key here. There's a very long line by late morning which doesn't seem to die down... ever. Most of the seating in the rear are long communal tables, suitable for larger parties, and the front has ample seating for smaller ones. The space is trendy and bright (at least during the day) thanks to the large windows. Portions are large. Biscuits are delicious. Pancakes are fluffy and packed with flavor. Grits are creamy, dense, cheesy and hearty. Our fried chicken was healthily smothered in the creamiest mushroom gravy to date. Everything just looks, smells and tastes amazing here.  Juices are fresh squeezed. Coffee, tea and water are constantly refilled thanks to the superb and attentive service. Will be back... so long as I can wake up early enough.	1
Ok... So this was absolutely delicious but holy &amp;@$€ was the portion large... I guess I'm not used to American portions just yet haha not a place to miss if your in the neighbourhood. Ordered a side of pickles that where absolutely delicious, their variety made it hard to pick... If I could I would try and taste them all. I'm a big eater and it was tough, small portion eaters, you might want to split one of their sandwiches haha if you finish it order a second!	1
YUM YUM! Hands down a fave in NYC. The atmosphere is great...but expect to wait. The wait is generally not that long and honestly worth every min. This place is known for their creative cocktail menu and delicious waist line busting cuisine. Service is excellent, just ask them for their recommendations and they are more than ready to share...very passionate group. Recommendations: fried green tomatoes, BBQ Fried Chicken Biscuit sandwich,  Sausage Gravy Fried Chicken Biscuit sandwich, and of course cheese grits Do not hesitate....GO!	1
I give 5 starts because the service was impeccable, the food was delicious and the ambiance was excellent. We loved the fried pickles and the fried Oreos. Also don't be afraid of the bloody with bacon and a pickled egg, it's amazing!	1
I like this place a lot. It's super hip and has root beer on tap. The honey chicken biscuit sandwich is to die for, and I'm a huge fan of their pickled items.  Other pros! It's a very home-y atmosphere with very good service. The hosts and servers have always been polite and timely. The food consistently tastes great (YAY for fried chicken and CARBS) and I have every desire in the world to eat my weight in biscuits and pickles at this place. And if you really want to blow your diet, just order the cheesy grits. Instant happiness! And 5 out of 5 hip stars for their decor-it's a southern hipster's dream in this place. There are a few cons, though. The music is usually pretty loud and the lines are long. And by long, I mean LONG. The lines are comparable to a trip to the Canal Street Post Office or DMV. However, I have found that I get seated within the estimated timeframe! And if you get stuck in the front half of the restaurant in the winter time, don't even think about taking your coat off. It's freezing up there. It's probably nice in the summer, but I won't be able to confirm this for a few more months as I have only gone in November and December. So bring a scarf just in case.  But this place is worth checking out, for sure. I know I'll be coming back.	1
First off, I love Jacob's Pickles. They have the best biscuits and maple butter known to man--I just can't get enough of it. Their pickles and entrees are just perfect. The chicken there is probably in my top 3 of all time. The only downside, which really isn't that big of a downside, is that they don't take reservations for under a group of six people.  Other than that, this place is perfect. The owner is approachable, their waiters and managers check on you often, and they're very attentive. One of the best restaurants around. A gem on the UWS.	1
This place was a spontaneous and unexpected food highlight of a 5-day trip to NYC.  The menu welcomes you with a "Beer.  Biscuits.  Pickles." motto.  It is indeed a great combination!  I'm not typically a fan of dill pickles, but I have to say their fried pickles were maybe the best I've had. Got the chicken bacon egg and cheese biscuit sandwich, with cheese grits.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  They provided some mystery hot sauce for me to put on it. Really enjoyed the beer menu as well.  I was not familiar with many of them, but thought the selection of different styles was great.  The Allagash James Bean was great, and now I'm depressed I can't get my hands on anything from that brewery back home. We went around lunch time on a Tuesday and there was no wait.  No complaints whatsoever about this place!	1
Wow! This place has to be top 2 if not my favorite place in the city.  I like the atmosphere and the food can not be beat.  It also comes at a good value.  I'm glad I don't live in the neighborhood because I would be here just about every day!  I will still be here often. I definitely need to try everything on the menu several times!	1
Honestly, Upper West Side isn't really my go-to place for dinner or drinks because there really isn't anything around and the atmosphere isn't as lively as lower Manhattan. But since this is one of the few places around my jazz class that Yelp claims deserving of 4 stars, I decided to give it a shot. It was a rainy Wednesday night and I was surprised to see how crowded it was. My server recommended the Allagash White and I liked it a lot. Had three glasses of that. We ordered the deviled eggs and fried pickles since we were not super hungry. Enjoyed both equally. The fried pickles came with a yummy orange sauce, which I guessed to be some kind of spicy mayo. Crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside. No weird surprises there.  Service was great. The ambiance was just right. I liked the way the restroom was set up. We stayed there for about three hours. Good food + great company = time flying.  Though I had only tried two of their appetizers, I was quite impressed and would definitely go back to try their other plates. I have Yelpers to thank for leading me here.  Can't wait for my next visit!	1
This is one of a few extremely popular Sunday brunch spots in the area.  1.5-hour waits are not uncommon.   Portions are large, service is very good.  Coffee was pretty good.  Got the biscuit and sausage gravy, which was great.  Heavy, but flavorful.  If you like spice, I recommend their hot sauce; not vinegar-based like Tabasco, but a Sriracha-like consistency (taste was a little different than Sriracha). I also ordered the grits but sorta regretted it.  It's a very creamy grit bowl, with a lot of shavings of cheese on top.  Since the grits weren't super-hot (temp-wise), the cheese didn't really melt, so it was just a super-smooth (almost watery) cheese grits, with clumps of extra cheese.  I like grits to have more texture so this was pretty disappointing. I'll still come back here --- table next to ours had fried chicken and it looked pretty good.  Recommend going there early on the weekend; it's pretty busy almost all day on Sunday.	1
Fried chicken biscuit with bacon and cheese, smothered in sausage gravy and topped with a fried egg?  Yes please I think I'll have some more. Also their deviled eggs are god damn fabulous.  This is easily my new go-to place before shows at the Beacon.	1
The boyfriend sent me here to get him food on a snowy day. I had no idea what I was walking into. It was super packed as it was a Sunday afternoon and people were there for brunch and so forth. Even though it was busy and crowded, the waiter took my take out order right away and the food came out after 10 mins. Service was good. My boyfriend got the BBQ smothered pepper jack chicken on a biscuit sandwich and a side order of mac and cheese. Needless to say, he loved every bite! I would definitely come back for take out if I am in the area again!	1
Good drinks, yummy food, friendly waiter! Good date night spot.	1
Jacob's Pickles takes their pickles seriously!  For a Wednesday night at 7pm, this place was HOPPING! It was incredibly busy and crowded, so reservations are highly recommended. There are a number of tables in the front bar area, as well as a nice long bar, but there is also a dining room in the back with a mix of long "share" tables and some smaller two tops.  Our group of seven ended up in the dining room sitting at a share table next to some other groups. It was fine...the space is so loud that you don't really bond with your neighbors.  The menu is quite large, both the beer &amp; cocktail list and the food menu. Some of the cocktails come in cute mason jars, and the wine comes in stem-less glasses. For food...everything is delicious and over-sized! I ordered the Mushroom Mac &amp; Cheese, which was big enough for 6 people to share...it was a huge portion served in a cask iron skillet...and it was amazing! I didn't actually share it and just had a ton of leftovers for dinner the following night, since all my friends ordered their own large entrees. There was a good mix of salads and sandwiches, and I was totally intrigued by the Chicken BLT which my friend got...maybe next time! This place definitely had a fun energy and a nice youngish crowd (20s - 30s, casual vibe) and I would absolutely go back, especially on a less-crowded night.	1
I visited this place on a cold Tuesday dinner around 8pm. We didn't have any reservation so we waited for like 10-15min to be seated. We were a party of 4 but the table was a bit too tight! Our waitress recommended a few things including the pickles (sampler) and mac and cheese. We ended up ordering 2 appetizers and 4 entree. Lol we were stuffed. Overall, I love the biscuits!!!!!!!! And Mac and cheese (so cheesy)!!! :-) I can't wait to go back and have those again! Service was a bit slow. Enjoyed the vibe. Maybe next time I will go there for a brunch or for a drink with the pickle sampler.	1
I'm dead. My stomach exploded and I'm actually dead and typing this from the Great Beyond. GIGANTIC portions! I can't stress that enough. Two people next to me shared a sausage platter and were barely putting a dent in it. It came out served on a baking sheet the size of a school cafeteria tray. The whole thing was covered in fries. I had the nerve to order the Chicken and Pancakes. But really, I didn't imagine I was going to be served two large fried chicken breasts smothered in bacon pieces, with two buttermilk pancakes the size of my head. I'm not exaggerating. They were the exact circumference of my entire face. I didn't even make it 1/3 of the way thru. One delicious moist breast, sweet enough not to need syrup and half a pancake later, and I was through. Done. Wheel me out and roll me into a cab. Good night, Gracie. The syrup reminded me of the good ol' southern staple, Alaga Syrup. Soooo good with biscuits. So you can be sparing with it on pancakes. It's heavy duty stuff.  I had the Apple Pie Moonshine. Now this I wouldn't have minded if it was the size of my head. Delicious. Next time, I want a root beer. They have 3 regional root beers, folks. They're not playing around.  The Chicken and Pancakes are even good the next day, so don't be a hero. The chicken especially when cold. With the bacon bits. Damn.	1
Talk about rib sticking comfort food! We came here with some serious appetites and needed a heavy meal. We started with the fried pickles and these were some of the best I've had. They make their own pickles so it wasn't overly salty like many that I have had before. They didn't just take jarred pickle chips, they were whole pickles which were slightly sweet and deep fried with a perfect golden brown batter that kept the inside moist and juicy. After the appetizer we both ordered the fried chicken and sausage gravy biscuit sandwich which came with creamy grits. Whoa! Talk about a heavy meal. We accompanied our meals with some root beer they had on tap. Needless to say, we left completely satisfied and ready for our beds.	1
In the mood for southern food and drinks? Look no further. The food and ambiance here are awesome. Do yourself a favor and ask for the biscuits n fixins as soon as you sit down... The salted butter with a touch of honey or strawberry jam is my go-to. Normally I go with the chicken and pancakes for my meal (which are out of control- the fried chicken is super moist and a bit spicy, which perfectly contrasts the sweetness of the pancakes and the delicious maple syrup. Throw some bacon in there and it's a party!)  This time around I ordered shrimp n grits for the first time, and I was really happy with my order! The shrimp were delicious- big and seasoned with a slew of southern spices, placed upon a bed of cheesy bacon grits.  Let's not forget one of my favorite thing a here: the apple pie moonshine. Hand-pressed apples go into their homemade moonshine... In the words of every white girl in America: I can't even.  Two thumbs up for JPs	1
We live near Jacobs Pickles, but had never ventured in..until today.. We arrived about the same time as the city reataurant inspector and so the kitchen was not able to cook...We were able to order beer and coffee and elected to wait out the inspection.  We sat for about 45 minutes with frequent updates, but no predictions as to when the cooking would resume..Finally, our order having been placed an hour earlier, we accepted our servers offer of a call to our cell phone when our food would be ready to eat in or take out.  We opted for take out and were met by Jacob and is dad, both charming and gracious, who thanked us for our patience, compted our meals, and assured us we were not the oldest patrons in their restaurant. An unusual outing for a casual lunch, but a most interesting one...and the chicken and biscuit pancakes were delicious.  Thank you, Jacob &amp; co.	1
It's all in the name at Jacob's Pickles. Every other dish is secondary to their famed fried pickles...coated so lightly and evenly with an airy and flavorful batter that will have you wishing you requested 5 orders just for yourself. As for the fried chicken, their other staple, I was not impressed. Considering I found this place through Village Voice's 2012 best fried chicken spots in New York City, I was a bit sad to taste pretty standard fare. IF ONLY they coated their chicken breasts in that same batter as the pickles, now we'd be talking big bucks (all of my bucks, to Jacob's Pickles, all the damn time).  At any rate, I was really impressed by the atmosphere of this joint considering it's location. It's a great place to throw back some local brews with appetizers. Although I'd never return for the chicken, it was solid, and I'll certainly be back for the rustic relaxed vibe and well you know what else...it's in the name.	1
This is one of my favorite restaurants on the upper west side. I am OBSESSED with the fried pickles, homemade biscuits and mushroom gravy (not together, obviously). The food tastes fresh, and the atmosphere feels really trendy.  If you're boozin', get the rum and root beer.  They also sell growlers of beer! My advice: If you're coming on a weekend, make sure you're there before 11. There will still be about a 45 minute wait, but it's worth 45 minutes.  Mid-week, they are super open in the afternoon. Or go for dinner!   Now, you may be turned off by the super-hyped nature of the restaurant, because it can't possibly live up to it, but in my humble opinion, it does.  This is straight-up comfort food, and everything is so delicious.  Go..and go soon.	1
This was my second time here and I finally saw why this place is the bomb. We started with the kosher dill pickles which were just right. For my order, I replaced the pancakes in their fried chicken and pancakes meal with French Toast. Their biscuit French Toast with their home made syrup was amazing, different texture than other French Toast but great! The key (for pancakes in particular) is getting them on separate plates so you don't have to mix them, which can damper the experience. The fried chicken and honey was also delicious. The bacon it came with was just extra, I didn't even need it.	1
Came here on a Saturday for brunch. The wait was only about 20 minutes long. The menu was overwhelming. All I have to say is that if you're looking for healthy options, this is not the place. It was like traveling to the Deep South but masked as the UWS. We started with a pickled sampler. Pickled Green Tomatoes, one house pickle, one hot pickle and the beats. All of which we're amazing and different in their own way. Overall bursting with flavors.  For our main dish we got the spinach salad with a fried poached egg (to die for), blue cheese, bacon and mushrooms. The spinach really just got in the way of everything else on my plate. I have never had or heard of a fried poached egg before so that really made the dish for me. I may have preferred a different dressing because the blue cheese dressing with the blue cheese in the 'salad' was a little to much for me. We did not want to make the mistake of not ordering the fried chicken, in some way shape or form so he went with the fried chicken and pancakes. I'm not sure which was better, the fried chicken with bacon sprinkled on top or the pancakes. There was more than enough on the plate, two huge pancakes each with their own piece of chicken and delicious maple syrup. The trio of pancake, chicken and syrup on your fork was mouthwatering and not something that should be missed by anyone.  We loved everything and are eager to come back to try the bacon/egg filled Bloody Mary's and of course, more fried chicken. Looking forward to the tons of leftovers we have waiting for us. Jacob's Pickles is not  to be missed, especially if you are craving some southern comfort favorites.	1
Jacob's Pickles was incredibly busy when I visited at 11 am on a Sunday and rightly so. We had the Sausage Gravy Smothered Chicken, which comes with a side of grits, and one of the specials of the day--the Salmon Benedict--and they were both absolutely perfect. I was really surprised at how moist the chicken was, which really made the dish all the better, and the salmon benedict was served on their famous biscuits and with a side of potatoes. It was honestly the best benedict I've ever had. When we came at 11, the wait was an hour long for two people so we left our phone number and walked a few blocks over to Milk Bar for coffee, tea and cookies. We got a text letting us know that we had 5 minutes to come claim our table. When we left around 2, the restaurant seemed even busier, and the wait was an hour.  The staff was really great. I actually visited earlier that week a little after midnight hoping to grab dinner. Unfortunately, the kitchen closes at 12, but the host was so nice and apologetic. He must've noticed how devastated I was because he offered us some pickles on the house!	1
Finally made it here for brunch on a Sunday morning when a friend was visiting town.  We sat outside since we didn't feel like waiting for at able to open up. We showed up around 9:30 but I would recommend showing up right when they open unless you want to wait. The crowds grew pretty quickly and I understood why once we got our food. The fried chicken and pancakes was delicious!  I will have to come back at night to try the pickles.	1
Comfort food at its finest!!! The food here is insanely good! And they have an incredible beer selection, my group did all 3 beer flights and thought they were all great! We had the fried pickles which were unreal, I wanted to just get 5 more orders...but glad I didnt cause I would have missed out on the other fabulous food offered! We had the honey chicken sandwich, the southern BLT, and the pork belly mussels. Everything. Was. Amazinggggg! I left here in a satisfied heavenly food coma! The chicken was so moist and crispy, broth for the mussels was so good I was eating it like a soup, the grits were just a perfect cheesy compliment to this incredibly rich and flavorful meal!!! Our waitress, Maria, was awesome! She was so funny and sweet, hope I'm in her section next time I go!!!!	1
Can't wait to go back (I tried but the wait was 2 hours, so only if I make a reservation). Good selection of beer. All the food looked and tasted delicious, including the pickled vegetables.	1
Delicious!  Everything we tried was amazing, the drinks were outstanding, the service was fast and friendly and the vibe was great (plus they had a great 80s hip hop playlist rolling).  We split the BBQ smothered pepper jack chicken sandwich and the mac n cheese that was on special, really amazing.  If you live nearby or are looking for a new place to try on the UWS, this is it.	1
Food was really good. We had fried pickle as the starters. I'm not a huge fan of pickles but omg they were sooooo good. The batter was light and the pickle inside the was crisp and sour. I was in heaven. My friend had the smothered bbq chicken n I had the bacon egg and chicken biscuit sandwich. The chicken was moist and delicious. The cheesy grits that came with it. Was ok. I could've passed on that. Overall the food  was good and I'm throughly stuffed	1
nice environment and inside setting. I didnt try any pickles there. the biscuits with mushroom gravy (im addict in mushroom gravy recently) was amazing! very tasty! since my friend and me were in hurry, I asked the waitress to got out dessert in 5 min and she said yes. but actually, we got the ice cream pudding in 20 min! anyways, the food and the dessert were really recommended. if you got time in the afternoon (they offer breakfast util 3 pm), it's good place to spend time with sunshine and friends.	1
Somehow I came to this place twice within a two week span, which I actually loathe doing. This is New York, and I should eat in different places. But it did give me a nice perspective on the menu items.  First time, came for brunch, waited in heat that would rival the fires of hades for over an hour, and then finally sat next to one of "those couples" that was unhappy with everything and just all around unpleasant. Not off to a fabulous start. Had the burger covered with 3048509283490238 pickles and what seemed like 3 lbs of meat. Hot sweaty mess me couldn't handle all of this and didn't really enjoy myself.  Round two was so much better. Went for a friends New York Anniversary and 6 of us got seated almost right away at 8 on a Thursday- stupendous. I had the southern fried BLT and holy rollers was it exceptional. Fried green tomato, fried chicken and cole slaw. YUM. Fried chicken and pancakes was also a big hit at this celebration and those were a little slice of fluffy goodness.  The rosemary lemonade was tasty as well as the jam jar. Both really felt like a serious hangover would be coming if you drank more than one due to the sheer level of sweetness.  Overall, skip this place if the temperature gauge is resting on blazing heat for the day and you can't make a reservation, but check it out at night or during a crisp fall day! Pro tip: bring a flashlight at night because even 6 20somethings couldn't read the menu in the dark.	1
The beer flavored mussels are the type of memories that stay with you. It confirmed my belief that life is too short and one ought to try weird items on the menu when given the chance. And that chance I grabbed like there was no tomorrow. I don't even like beer. I enjoyed the vibe and decor of the place. It was a Friday night, so a wait was to be expected. But it was nothing a short stroll couldn't take care of.	1
My first visit lived up to the hype. It was just after 11am on a Tuesday so no crowds to deal with. Although I was amused by the 2 women at the table next to me who decided to order the kale salad without the fried chicken.  Uhm... why did you come here then?! The fried chicken was amazing - have to say it was better than Hill Country Chicken. I had the Chicken Bacon Egg sandwich with a side of the hot sour pickles. Yum!  Home fries were a bit of a miss for me, so may try the grits next time.	1
Came here x2 in one weekend with friends who were in town. The chicken pancakes, macaroni and cheese were amazing. The cheese grits tasted just like I was down south in my home of alabama. The manager Jon came through and provided comp deserts and shots for our party of Five.  This place is a must for anyone visiting	1
The buttermilk chicken - perfection.  The salad - a little disappointing.  The first time I tried coming here (Friday evening) the wait time was 2 hours so we went elsewhere. This time I came at 5pm on a Monday night and we were seated right away. The place filled up shortly after we got our food.   I don't know if it was just this once, but I have NEVER gotten my food that quickly after ordering anywhere. It couldn't have been, but like 5-7 minutes.  I ordered the country wedge salad and was a bit disappointed by the lack of ingredients... just a soaked piece of wedge lettuce with fried chicken atop of it (granted the chicken and dressing was YUMMMMMY).  My friend got the pickle slaw and could not stop raving about it.  I want to come back and try something else.  I wish their menu highlighted their pickles a bit more.	1
pinot noir manhattan souther blt smoked salmon part of me wants to hate this place for its ridiculous lines and trendy, hyped up reputation. but come a 9pm wednesday night walked right in to an undercrowded back space. great attention to detail even chatted with the manager on duty. large, hearty portions better suited for sharing textures and flavors complement each other keeps you dreaming about it the next day. great great cocktails.	1
Awesome atmosphere, the front can be completely open when it's nice outside. Best Bloody Mary I've had in a long time (BLT bloody in fact), and amazing fried chicken dishes. Also the wait staff was superb.  Only negative was we wanted to try the pickles items (just 2 of us dining) and it was enough for like 8 people, wish had some smaller sizes.	1
My group and I were told there was a two hour wait for 8 people. We only waited an hour, and to top it of...we LOVED their system of texting when the table is ready.  Arrived on a Sunday around noon time for brunch. The place was packed to the max, and continued like that. Its always extremely crowded, and there is little arm space, leg space, or any other type space you're looking for. It gets extremely loud in here, but lets face it...you aren't coming here for the ambiance. They don't take reservations on the weekends, fyi.  The food is excellent. Chicken and pancakes is a must (or anything with the delicious buttermilk fried chicken) The Biscuits, Pickles and Mushroom Gravy are all on point. You can ask for the drinks to be made on the stronger side. The Bloody BLT is very popular. Great Service, Good Vibe, Amazing Food Love it!	1
Worth the cab ride from mid-town to Jacob's Pickle.  Enjoyed a late lunch at the bar. We love quick easy lunches. 50 minutes tops.  Bartenders are friendly, and make crafted cocktails with fresh ingredients. BLT Bloody Mary with Tito's was a great treat.  We let the bartenders select our 4 pickle chooses and we were let down. (Don't eat the red chili pepper, it's hot) Huge portions! Share or take it home. The Southern BLT wad awesome. We loved the slaw. The mushroom mac and cheese, is definitely comfort food. Hmm we can't wait to go back when we have a bigger appetite.	1
AMAZING! I enjoyed the chicken, bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. My mouth is watering thinking about it. The chicken was cooked perfectly and the biscuit was absolutely amazing.  Only thing I would change is the lightining. It was a little too dim and I had a tough time reading the menu.	1
Great service. The food portions are so large! I got the special this weekend which was madame croque on a delicious biscuit with friend chicken. Delicious! We also shared the french toast biscuit and platter. We were so full by the end of it but couldn't resist finishing all the food. We didn't get a chance to try the pickles but it had great music, friendly staff, and a vast menu. I'd definitely come back, but try to come when they first open because it gets packed really early on in the day. The first time I came, it was a two hour wait at 11 on the weekend.	1
Excellent and worth the wait.  Banana pancakes, Biscuits and gravy and fried green tomatoes are my favorites by far.  The service was fantastic and drinks are perfect for brunch.	1
Super good food, come here on an empty stomach as the food is very heavy but that is what Southern Comfort food suggests! I had the sausage gravy smothered chicken sandwich on a buttermilk biscuit and my friend got the turkey leg dinner. Both meals did not disappoint, super delicious and we finished our entire plates. We also ordered the standard sour pickles and a bottle of Pinot Noir. Note that their wine is on tap so you get it served in the same bottles as the table water comes in. Their beer selection also looked fantastic. The drink menu is twice as large as the food menu so it's definitely a place to go if you are looking to try some new cocktails/beers. I thought the decor was cool, too. It was REALLY crowded but to be expected for dinner time on a Thursday night. They don't take reservations for tables of less than 6 which is a bummer but they have a good amount of 2 and 4 seated tables so we hardly had to wait. They also put your name on a list when you get there and will text you when you are ready to be seated so you don't have to stay inside the crowded entrance area and can hang out somewhere else until it's ready. I would love to come back and try their brunch!	1
I absolutely love every meal I have had here, I try to come here often but sometimes I get turned away due to the restaurant being too busy and packed.  It is a great atmosphere and worth the visit.  I recommend making a reservation prior to dining here.	1
Love, Love, Love the biscuits.  They are buttery and delicious and always make my day.  It's a cool place that serves up good drinks and very hearty food.  Don't come here if your on a diet because you most likely will consume enough calories for an entire day or two.  The food is great but very filling.  I had the fried chicken biscuit sandwich with mushroom gravy and I ate the entire thing because it was so good, I couldn't stop.  Needless to say I only ate one meal that day.  It has a cool vibe but be prepared to wait for a table.	1
Jacob's Pickles is the perfect alternative to the time consuming, expensive and sometimes unfulfilling tendency of quality New York meals to be constituted of small plate dining. Instead, Jacob's Pickles constitutes aggressive eating and made me leave a ton of food on the table, which is rare for me. My most recent trip to Jacob's Pickles was for date night; probably not the best spot for those who don't want to look like human garbage disposals in front of someone they want to bone later. I am completely uninhibited by such concerns, however, so we kind of got after it in the ordering. Fried pickles, mac &amp; cheese (the side portion), leek country sausage (him), chicken bacon egg &amp; cheese (me), fried oreos, and double picklebacks. We were lucky enough to get there a solid five minutes before everyone showed up for dinner rush and were seated fairly promptly. I only managed to make it through about 2/3 of the mac &amp; cheese and CBEC, though he finished all of the sausage before deigning to join me on the mac &amp; cheese--which was served so hot that I had to come back to that later in the meal. It reminded me a bit of Beecher's. I was concerned the CBEC would be dry, but alas, my concerns were for not. I did leave half of the biscuit off the top, though, because it just felt a bit too carb-y (and potentially dry) otherwise. I assume the sausage (this is an entree, FYI) was good because he housed it. The grits that came with the CBEC were really good, but for a place that's so generous with portions everywhere else, I felt like they either needed more grits or a smaller serving container, because it looked teensy weensy in the giant metal ramekin. The fried oreos were delicious, even if they were disgustingly unnecessary, and the double picklebacks were so good I want them in every bar in New York.  My biggest issues with Jacob's Pickles concern menu construction, of all things. The dessert menu is actually on the drink menu, rather than the food menu, so if you don't pay close attention you don't know to save (a considerable amount of) space for their humongous and delicious bread pudding a la mode. And while I appreciate what they're trying to do by listing their beer by state, it means you really have to read through the entire list when it would be easier to separate it by style/flavor. I also really wish they took reservations for smaller parties, obvi, but such is life. I have really dug Jacob's Pickles since it opened; one of the owner's is somehow a friend of a friend of a friend or something, so it popped up on my radar in its infancy. It's one of the few non-burger places in the city for which I get serious cravings. I'm willing to travel all the way uptown just to eat there, which says a lot.	1
The food was great! Wait was kinda long an hour and a half. I had a brunch special chocolate chip banana biscuit french toast. It was delicious. My friend had a biscuit with a sunny side egg and cheese and on the side potatoes. He also had the spicy margarita. One of the best parts was the endless coffee!	1
FINALLY!! I found an amazing southern style restaurant and it's in my neighborhood. Looking for amazing biscuits?  Mouth watering deviled eggs?  Perfectly fried tomatoes? This is the spot. The dishes at this restaurant are delicious and hearty. We must have gone here 25+ times and always bring out of town gusts for brunch when we can. Just be prepared to wait because it's popularity precedes it!	1
One of the best meals I have had in a long while. Jacob's Pickles is the real deal.   They have a Southern/American menu that manages to be trendy and unique without being too modern and weird. Actually everything on the menu sounds so good that it is hard to choose from. They also have an awesome selection of beers from local and long distance craft brewers as well as a nice cocktail and wine list. I ordered the Empire Cream Ale which was amazing (5/5). The decor is nice with a rustic modern/pre-prohibition appearance, the atmosphere is casual and welcoming, and the lighting is dim enough to set a nice mood.   You can tell that ownership spares no expenses in making sure that everything is done right from the decor to the china and the metal bowls that they serve in, to the abundant staff and present managers, the presentation is really impeccable. The bar area is up front and is perfect for a drink with friends and the back is warm and more appropriate for a night out or date. They also have a retractable front facade and outdoor seating for nice weather. Did I mention the food is excellent too? We both ordered the Chicken Bacon Egg &amp; Cheese Biscuit Sandwich.  They should just serve it with a knife because it is sloppy and amazing (5/5). Make sure you ask for a side if you want something other than the default grits, it is no up-charge so maybe they should just give the option up front. I ordered mine with the mushroom gravy mashed potatoes which were unbelievably creamy and savory (5/5). My girlfriend had the fries which were fresh cut and crisp (5/5). The only less than perfect but still good thing was the fried green tomatoes appetizer, the grits needed to be seasoned a bit or they maybe should pour the picnic sauce on top before serving because while the crust is crunchy and the thick slice of tomato is sweet, the crust is a bit plain (3.5/5). Our server was excellent too.  She was super friendly and attentive without being overpowering. Even the runners and bus boys ask if they can get you anything and actually follow-up quickly. This place is excellent, we will definitely add Jacob's to our short list of favorites.	1
DO IT! We go to this place...way..too...much. Given, I always need tums after eating all that fried chicken, but it is definitely worth it.  We have had the mushroom gravy smothered chicken, chicken blt, beer mussels (not my favorite), tried a lot of their pickles. It's an excellent beer selection. The service is always good. We've been here for brunch and dinner.  Yes, it is worth the 45 minute wait. So, DO IT!	1
I CANNOT SAY ENOUGH GREAT THINGS ABOUT JACOB'S PICKLES!!!  I've lived in NYC for 8 years and have eaten all over this city at more restaurants than I could begin to recall. No place even compares to Jacob's. The menu is authentic and delicious. Yes, it's basically comfort food but don't we all need a little comfort every once in a while? Absolutely!  The gravy dishes are amazing. The chicken is moist and tender. The mac &amp; cheese is out of the world tasty. The beer. The pickles. The desert. I've never eaten pancakes like these before - light and fluffy and so yummy. Then there's the sweet tea.  God bless this place! GO EAT A JACOB'S PICKLES! Excellent Food! Excellent Atmosphere! Excellent Location! Excellent Service!  Excellent Management!	1
Ate clean all day knowing that I was about to kill it for dinner. Girl friend and I went this past Saturday armed with hearty appetites. Fried pickles to start, chicken biscuit with sausage gravy pour moi and chicken and pancakes pour elle. Fried pickles were okay, the batter was a little tasteless and I expected more brine from the pickle. Still, anything fried ain't so bad. My chicken biscuit platter came with a bucket, not a hyperbole, of cheese grits. The buttermilk fried chicken, crispy skin, moist meat, ample seasoning. Sausage gravy, liberally ladled all over with hearty chunks of sausage. The biscuits, my god, I'm definitely ordering an additional side if I happen to be wearing some stretchy ass pants. Buttery, sturdy enough to soak up the gravy without compromising any lightness. Had a bite of my friend's pancakes, light and fluffy, provided just the right amount of sweetness to contrast the savory fried chicken.  Cool vibe, dimly lit and the walls are covered with these beer jugs and bottles, rustic woodwork. Awesome spot for your southern food cravings.	1
I tried this place a while ago and have been back a bunch of times since. Really good "southern comfort" food. Very interesting drink selection. Admittedly, I'm not the biggest drinker nor an expert on southern comfort food but it's really good. A definite must try.	1
This place is out of control.  Incredible beer &amp; whiskey selection.  Full bar if you want a cocktail.  This is comfort food done right!  I had the fried chicken on a biscuit with mushroom gravy.  I can die a happy man.	1
Had breakfast there today.  We were a group of 5 and they seated us as the first people as at a community table.   The next group in was pushed right against us.  This was awkward.   Get a normal table if possible.   Food was good.   Fried pickles were great.  Omelette and pancakes with chicken were good.  Service was excellent.  Hot pickles were just ok.  I would return.	1
I love this place! One of my favorite places in UWS, maybe even NYC. If you're a fan of Southern food, you should definitely come here. If you're not, this place might help to convince you. I've been here twice now and I got the gravy-smothered chicken with buttermilk biscuit-it was so good the first time I had to get it again. I'm not a huge fan of the cheesy grits, but that's probably cuz I didn't grow up eating them-my friends loved them. I would definitely recommend getting the 4-pickle sampler. I'm a huge fan of pickles and every one I had (including the carrots and jalapenos) was great.  It can get kinda crowded during dinner time, but when I came for brunch, it wasn't too bad and the environment was actually really nice. Definitely recommended.	1
Stopped in on a whim.  Was craving French fries (which are great here) and also ended up with a honey pickle chicken biscuit sandwich on our servers suggestion.  So good. Portions are big. The sandwich and fries feed me and my man.   Great atmosphere.  Brick.  Dim.  Hip. Not trying too hard.    Go.  Eat.  Enjoy.	1
This place is going to change your life. You will order some comfort food dish here, and you will feel euphoric. I tried the chicken sandwich on a biscuit with sausage gravy and the matzoh ball soup. Sometimes it haunts my dreams, just biscuits and chicken floating around my head like a cartoon. The sausage gravy had chunks of sausage and it was seasoned perfectly. The biscuit was flaky and all types of delicious. The matzoh ball soup was hearty, hot, and prepared just right. This kitchen staff knows what it's doing. I also had a pickle margarita! A pickle lover's dream come true. Honestly, the only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the service was so slow. It is probably due to how popular and crowded it is, but it is worth it anyway. GO!	1
Brunch Review! Food: 5 Stars Service: 4 Stars Price: 30$/person including Brunch Entree + a cocktail The food was out of this world. Very authentic homemade southern comfort cooking. I had the BLT Bloody Mary and the Coop Platter: 3 fried eggs, biscuit, grits, housemade maple sausage, bacon and homefries.  The BLT Bloody Mary was outstanding. It includes bacon, lettuce and half a pickled egg. It also was spicy enough that it reminded me of my MD horseradish/Old Bay Bloody Marys that I miss so much now that I'm in New York.  My co-brunchers enjoyed the Chicken and Pancakes (made with biscuit batter - for a more savory and fluffy pancake) and the Sausage, Egg and Cheese Biscuit Sandwich. Both are served with housemade syrup (amazingly not too sweet). The ONLY drawback (and its a small one) is that there are 4 huge communal long tables in the back where we were seated. The pro to this is that the brunch wait was under 20 minutes, because they can really cram a bunch of guests in there at once. The con being that you're elbow to elbow with strangers in a loud room. Service also suffers under this model -- we had a great waiter, but he could barely get to us. The food/drinks still arrived in a timely manner, but you constantly feel like you're in someone's way.	1
Awesome brunch!! Big bloody Mary's... Didn't have one but I will after I deliver this baby! The portions are large.., I ordered the two eggs - scrambled with a biscuit and crispy bacon. The biscuits were large and I give them a thumbs up, definitely the best biscuit I've had north of the mason-Dixon. My husband and I split the grits which were delicious. Being a southern woman, I would be happy to share some tips on grits, but I will let them figure it out on their own. A Little cheese, butter and bacon grease never hurt anyone! (Sorry koshers:) Don't get me wrong, I appreciate the fact that they don't over salt or cream their grits.  The setting there is industrial with two levels of seating, concrete floors, and blues/alternative music. I actually had to ask them to turn the music down because it was 10:30, and I was just trying to ease into the day.  It's a cool spot. I Didn't have any pickles but my experience there with the food and service exceeded my expectations, given the name, jacob's pickles.  They do not serve decaf coffee... A little unusual but that's okay.	1
Treated myself to a birthday brunch here and it did not disappoint. I had the fried chicken, bacon, cheddar cheese, and egg biscuit sandwich with a side of grits and a honey julip cocktail. I wasn't a huge fan of the honey julip but I did love the Moscow mule they made me. I highly recommend coming here. Beautiful, delicious and friendly. It lived up to my expectations.	1
There is so much to love about this place. I'm relatively new to pickles, only recently leaving them undisturbed in my sandwiches, but this is the place if you finally want to go over the hill into pickle-land. They have all sorts of pickled veggies including cucumbers and of course fried pickles.  For appetizers we ordered biscuits and fixins, fried pickles, and deviled eggs. All were delicious. The pickles are so fresh and crisp, even after they've been fried and the batter on them is just sweet enough. Just be careful biting in since those pickles WILL be hot inside.  They also come with a sauce-tasty, a bit spicy, but I wasn't crazy about it. The pickles were good enough without it. The biscuits were amazing and decadent served with little squeezy bottles of honey, strawberry jam, and apricot jams. Additionally they have maple butter and "regular" butter-I say "regular" because this one is clearly made in-house with that sweet fresh taste of recently made butter with a higher salt content than your run-of-the-mill store bought butter. Do not skip their butter in favor of other condiments-it is special and fantastic and well worth at least one bite of the biscuit with just that. I loved the deviled eggs as well-topped with smoked paprika and mustard seeds. I just wish there were an easier way to eat these.  We were faced with several fried chicken options and decided to go for the biscuit with sausage gravy fried chicken sandwich. We shared this (with everything else) between three people and it worked out since it's not really a sandwich you could feasibly pick up with your hands. It comes with a generous side of cheesy grits plus we ordered some black eye peas. I ended up with a mess of all of these components on my plate which worked out splendidly since these guys all blend together really well. You definitely get the comfort food treatment with these. And that cheesy grits was amazing-took me back to my days in New Orleans and I will probably go home and try to recreate it.  Finally, drinks! They've got a sweet variety which includes all sorts of craft beers but also craft distilled liquors (although we know all eye whiskey comes from Indiana so let's not pretend).  They've got rootbeers on tap and if if weren't for the awesome cocktail list I would have gone for the left hand stout icecream float. Their cocktail list is amazing with a substantial number of them featuring pickle juice. Their Jam Jar is a beautiful red from the strawberry infused gin. It tasted just like strawberry lemonade with hardly a taste of alcohol (although I assure you it's in there) and quaintly served to you in a mason jar. Similarly served is the Spicy Brined Margarita. It has a lemon wedge and a pickle wedge inside. The (craft) tequila is infused with jalapeño peppers and the margarita is then topped off with pickle brine. It's not too spicy at all-in fact I have a low tolerance for spice but I could have taken more of a kick. Refreshing in a sweet and sour spicy way! Service was great. Our table was in a rather tight spot but good for three people (the fourth seat is not functional) and our waitress was lovely and attentive. Sometimes the plates were bussed without asking us if we wanted to keep what was on it (that last fried pickle!!!) but we were genuinely stuffed. Downside is the wait but you can leave your phone and they'll send you a confirmation text to make sure they have the right number and then they'll text you again when the table is ready giving you five minutes to show up. There are plenty of places really close by where you can chill for 40 min before coming back. The place isn't cheap but honestly I was full and well liquors by the end of the evening spending no more than $35 on the meal + drink with tax and tip. For New York, not bad! Definitely a great place for sharing food since most of it is amenable to splitting.  All in all great place. I hope to come back with a slightly more structured dining plan so I can check out their impressive looking dessert menu.	1
Fun place. They actually take your name and number and text you when your table is ready. Why is this concept so foreign to most popular restaurants? Great cocktails and fried pickles. The Brooklyn Gin is awesome. Organic cheese grits mmmmmmm.  All this and a biscuit.	1
I love pickles so this place is a dream come true! Had the fried pickles, probably the best fried pickles I have ever had and the only fried pickles cut in spears instead of rounds. The biscuit sandwiches are open faced and smothered with love and gravy. I need to come back to try the flight of pickles! And its an adorable place! What else can you ask for?	1
Loved, loved, loved this place! Came here for dinner and was expecting some good comfort food and was not disappointed.  Started out with the Kosher dill pickles (good, but too sour and not enough crunch for my tastes) and a side order of mushroom Mac and cheese. The side of Mac and cheese is large enough to be a meal for one! Luckily I was with a friend, which allowed us to order more food. =) My friend ordered the turkey leg entrée and I ordered the mushroom gravy smothered chicken. The friend's turkey leg slid off the bone at the touch of a fork. Solid mashed potatoes and the usual cranberry sauce made this a meal that was reminiscent of Thanksgiving.  The mushroom gravy smothered chicken was better than I imagined. Fried chicken had a hint of spicy hotness, a crisp outer shell and moist inside. The biscuits were also yummy, but soaked up a lot of the gravy (which made it slightly mushy- not my cup of tea, but didn't detract from the meal). It also came with a side of grits which was good as well.  The portions were huge and worth every cent. I would definitely recommend this place to friends and can't wait to revisit!	1
It's about time I gave this place a review. My boyfriend and I come here all the time. It's our favorite spot to eat in the city. I'm a huge pickle lover which is why we came here initially. We get a sampler of 4 pickles every time we come. The special sours are my go-to. Such a great cuke pickle. I'm also a fan of green tomatoes. My boyfriend loves the jalapeños. We've tried pretty much all the pickles and they're all amazing.  We've tried a bunch of different things on the menu. My favorite is the southern BLT. So many different flavors all wrapped up in one. This sandwich is HUGE and has to be eaten with a fork and knife. They have a rib special sometimes which was great. The BBQ sauce they use in those is amazing. I love a side of collard greens with my meals. My boyfriend loves their mashed potatoes with sausage gravy.  The biscuit bread pudding is just unbelievable. Big enough for a table of 4 to split. They load it up with vanilla ice cream.  Love this place.	1
Yum! Loved the mac and cheese here. It is absolutely fabulous. The fries were also great and of course, loved the pickle selection. My favorites were the spicy pickles and the green beans. The red beets weren't bad either.  The only thing that was disappointing here was the shrimp and grits, and it wasn't even that bad. The grits were great but the shrimp was a bit tough/over-cooked.  Warning--the shrimp come with their heads!	1
Psyched to find an UWS brunch place like this...When our food arrived, I may have giggled like a school girl - everything looked that delicious....and it was! To start, we ordered the fried pickles and deviled eggs -the pickles were my favorite.  Then we ordered entrees: sausage, biscuit and eggs, biscuit French toast smothered in strawberries and biscuits &amp; gravy. Everyone loved their meals. Who thought to turn biscuits into French toast?! Amazing! The pictures say enough - it tastes as good as is looks. Come hungry, the portions are not small. Max our server was attentive and pleasant - even though it was busy, we felt well taken care of. The restaurant is a good size (works for groups), but expect a wait on the weekend. The drinks were also tasty - if you are into bloody mary's, you're in for a treat. Oh, and as if we had any room left, we tried the fried Oreos...yum! Your next UWS brunch should be here :)	1
My roommate told me to get ready for a heavy brunch here, and boy, she was right. However, it was worth it because the plates were delicious. We tried the Fried Chicken over Pancakes, the Biscuit with Sausage, Egg and Cheese, the French Toast Biscuits with Strawberries, and the Cheese Grits. The Fried chicken were tenderloins, maybe, and had no bones. It was awesomely crispy and seasoned well. The fried bacon bits sprinkled on top was a nice finish. Pancakes were unremarkable. My friend had the said the biscuit sandwich was good, but I did not get to taste it.  I ordered the French Toast Biscuits, and they were better than I expected. The biscuits were moist and the syrup was great. I also had a side of the Cheese Grits, but could not eat it after a few bites because it was too oily.  We came early morning, and by the time we left, there was a decent wait.	1
If you are watching your LBS this is prob not the best place for you, simply put cause the food is high fat and highly delicious!  The beers are pretty amazing, the cocktails are different than what you may imagine, but the food is something to talk about. If you're looking for a fluffy buttery biscuit with all the jams and butter to fill your feeling of "home" this is the one to go for. The Mac and Cheese is simply put one of the best, I have ever had, which says a lot. Its is creamy and cheesy but enough to share with four other people. The fried chicken is spot on as well. If you are looking for fried chicken that was made down south, this is the spot. There is really nothing bad I can say about this place. Jacob is a really awesome and stand up guy, his food an drinks are very solid. You will most likely have to wait for a table though, which is well worth it. All in all, this is def a go to!	1
Cant remember exactly what I had, but it was a variant of their amazing fried chicken with cheese. Tried their pork belly mussels dish as well. Both of these were specials and not on the menu. Food was great! Chicken was tender and went well with the cheese. Pork belly was soft and flavorful. Portions were good too. Overall great value for money and i certainly wouldnt mind visiting again.	1
Probably one of the very few UWS places that can stand on its own to lower Manhattan. Nice vibe, busy bar.. Even on a Thursday at 10pm we had to wait 20 minutes for a table for four.  I like the Southern vibe, complete with generous portions. I had my EtOh in a jar "jamjar" ... Typical lemonade girly drink. I recommend the mac n cheese! Wow that was tasty, did not think mushrooms would go along with it but it gives it a nice additional chewy texture. Catfish tacos are passable, didn't feel like there was enough fish and too much topping. And my favorite.. The mussels! Spicey, with a nice cornbread topping. Oh so good slightly spicey leftover sauce perfect for soakage.  I do not like pickles. I have also tried these pickles, and they have not changed my stance on that.	1
good food, very packed, tiny tables	1
I was looking for a place uptown so I could meet my significant other halfway on my way home from work - this place is up by 86th and has some rave reviews, so I figured we'd give it a shot. We were not disappointed! PROS: Food is absolutely stellar - mac and cheese, the salmon, the chicken and pancakes all killer Portions are huge for the pricetag in NYC - we both took leftovers home and got a second meal out of it Beer list is great Super casual environment, really chill atmosphere  CONS: Definitely a little dark &amp; hard to see A little cramped (I spilled some of my beer just trying to rearrange the table to fit everything) Crowded - it's a popular place, so try to get there early (we arrived at 6 and were able to get in right away, but when we left at 7ish, there was a huge line to get a table)	1
I really liked this place.  It has a nice clean cut feeling to it. A groups of friends and I stopped by for diner. The biscuits they served were crispy on the outside and nice and fluffy on the inside. I opted for the mussels because I had a craving but I want to go back and have what my friend ordered. Biscuits with chicken gravy.  My mussels were good but her dish was excellent and full of taste. Overall we all had a good time and enjoyed the atmosphere and drank pretty decent beer.  I went here again for a Greek mixer and it didn't disappoint. Good place to have fun and joke around while eating tasteful food and gulping down some beer.	1
Great place to eat and drink. I feel quite privileged to only live a block away from this gem of a place in the UWS. The burger is amazing, all the fried chicken is quite exquisite but one knock would be the french toast for brunch. It tasted frozen and not the high quality expected from their other dishes. Nevertheless, I would recommend to anyone who once some southern style cooking with a NY twist.	1
Second time this year!! We love it here! This time got the mushroom smothered chicken biscuit! We live in Florida and make sure to stop by while in NYC. Great prices, food, and coffee!	1
In a city of thousands of Restaurants, Jacob's Pickles is one that you'll keep coming back to.   From great pickles, to incredible root beer, the best entrees, cheese grits, and amazing desserts it doesn't get any better.   Arrive hangry, because these portion sizes are craZy!   Personal favorite is the chicken bacon egg and cheese biscuit.  Vanilla biscuit pudding for dessert.	1
Upon checking in I promptly get a msg from my 2 friends who are sisters n both of which were very jealous lol....I was told to try the biscuit with sausage gravy starter and that I would not regret it along with a few other recommendations.  We started with Jacobs pickles (sweet&amp;spicy carrots, dilly green beans, big dill kosher vikes, thyme jalepeno). They were all good but the carrots may hav been the least fave of the bunch..the biscuits sausage gravy?  Seriously the best fucking thing I've ever had or up there with one of the most memorable n now I can't stop thinking about them!! For the entree I have the chicken n pancakes which were awesome and my cousin n his girl had the sausage gravy smothered chkn n the honey ckn n pickles which were also good.  The side of Mac n cheese were heavy but great! N I forgot about what I started with which was a delicious Bloody Mary which had a piece of lettuce, bacon, n half a boiled egg.  This place is fucking amazing from the second u walk in til you walk out with your leftovers.  I need to go back asap!	1
Yoooooooo this. place. is. redunkulous. My mind is still blown from the AMAZING brunch I had here at Jacob's Pickles. BEST. FRIED CHICKEN. SAUSAGE GRAVY. BISCUITS. GRITS. EVAAAAAAAAAAR. We ordered two southern biscuits sandwiches; the Sausage Gravy Smothered Chicken ($14) and the Chicken Bacon Egg &amp; Cheese ($16). This place made me a fan of 2 things I'm not particularly big on; sausage gravy and grits. That sausage gravy... I want to pour on top of everything I eat. Those grits... so flavorful (which is the main problem I have with grits; being under salted and under flavored). And of course in no way were the biscuits &amp; fried chicken overshadowed; they were equally mouthwatering and cooked to perfection. Definitely gonna be my top brunch spot to bring out-of-towners to when they visit. I love you Jacob.	1
This place gets loud, but it's a great spot for a group of people to enjoy dinner.  The food is delicious.  I highly recommend the mushroom mac &amp; cheese.  The portions are huge, so bring an appetite. They have a large selection of pickles (hence the name -- get it?!) We got lucky with two people and got a seat right away, but you might be waiting a bit for dinner if you don't make a reservation.	1
I've lived in the neighborhood for two years before finally coming here. The delay was largely due to the fact that it's always busy but I finally decided to wait 10 minutes to get a seat. Once I sat down and reviewed the menu I realized I'll have to come back to try everything I want as there are so many unique things. I especially like the variety of new beers to choose from.	1
This place is really cool.  I'm a huge pickle fan, so what's not to like?  They serve pickles by the jar, in addition to some other pickled vegetables, and have a pretty diverse selection.  I can't comment on the entrees, because both times I've been here I went strictly for drinks and appetizers.  The fried pickles are delicious and are served with a spicy mayo, and the huge bowl of fries have never been disappointing (6 of us shared).  Drinks are also really good and range from spicy margaritas to pickle backs.  Prices are reasonable, but some of the cocktails can be a little steep- depends on what you like. I really like the decor in this place as well- kind of dark and rustic, not your typical southern style ambiance.  Music selection the night I was there was also on point.  Our waitress was very sweet and patient with us and did an awesome job of explaining the menu.  However, the other wait staff did not seem to be the friendliest at times. If you're into pickles and great drinks, this is definitely the place to go.  I'm looking forward to going back for dinner soon!	1
I got a really bad start here with the Sage Manhattan, but the food really picked up any slack there. I got the fried chicken with biscuit and sausage gravy and it was awesome! Th chicken was so juicy and flavorful. I can't imagine better hangover food! The place is crazy popular right now though, so prepare for an hour + wait for parties of 3 or more.	1
Awesome place for fun food and great drinks! There are TOO MANY good options - will have to come back the next time coming through New York City. The different pickles options are great - highly recommend! Just be sure to have room...	1
By far, this is one of my favorite restaurants on the UWS for brunch and dinner. The biscuits and gravy are amazing and frankly, so is everything on the menu. The drinks at the bar are also really good, but could be a little larger for the money. Happy hour specials would be a nice addition to the menu too, but as of now, no happy hour exists. My only suggestion is to make sure when you make a reservation that they are able to accommodate it. Two weeks ago,  I made a reservation for over 8 people and I was told my party could have the long table in the front bar area. However, they seated another party there which resulted in my group being seated in three different sections of the restaurant. The staff did little to make up for the error and that really put a damper on our night.	1
Delicious food and great atmosphere, the wait staff were extremely kind and attentive. Prepare for long wait times and dim lighting (Can make it difficult to read the menu)	1
Post-Thanksgiving weekend brunch - oh yes, please!  Southern biscuits - oh yes even more!  Definitely a good restaurant choice to make on a whim. AMBIENCE AND SERVICE: It was none too busy at 10:30am this past Saturday morning, so my friend and I were seated immediately.  Unusually slow, staff said, but it definitely picked up and there was a line by 11am.  We enjoyed the bright, high-ceilinged wooden decor and gorgeous bar in the front room.  The place itself is actually quite spacious with primarily high-top tables with benched seating.  Wait service was kinda slow, though quite kind and informative.  The owner (I think) was floating table to table, serving coffee and wishing his patrons well. FOOD AND DRINK: What a fun menu!  Since I don't live in the city and knew I could return to the regular menu next time I visited, I took advantage of one of the weekend specials and ordered the turkey hash.  So simple and savory: dark turkey leg meat with two fried eggs and diced potatoes.  $14. My friend ordered the biscuit French toast, and wow - we're both French toast purists, and this definitely still fit the bill for classic French toast.  You've four thick biscuits with sliced strawberries atop and a deliciously dark maple syrup on the side.  I do recommend using lots of syrup since the biscuits are baked high, and it is slightly dry in the center of biscuit.  $13 We also shared just a plain simple biscuit (split in half, serves two!).  It comes with maple butter, regular butter, orange marmalade, clover honey, and some sort of berry jam on the side.  Definitely a buttery, nom-worthy carb.  I enjoyed it most with a little maple butter and a squeeze of honey atop.  $4. The coffee was strong but nothing to write home about.  $3.  The fresh squeezed orange juice was delicious and with just the right amount of pulp.  Overpriced at $4 though.  You get a carafe of chilled water for the table. PS - Apparently, reservations can be made for parties 6 or more only.	1
A great start to the day!  We had chicken and pancakes (the star) and a coop platter.  The food was fairly spot on to the southern theme.  Service was really great from start to finish, even though it was busy.  Do be prepared to wait a little for a table, it is super popular, and deservingly so!	1
Food=excellent. Biscuits and gravy were great--nice and smothered but the gravy  perfectly balanced so as not to become impossible to eat. Service=friendly, efficient. Food was well timed, and the waiter was wonderfully un-pushy.	1
The food and cocktails here are stupendous. Portions are huge. The chicken is amazing and I don't even like chicken. Shrimp and grits are on point and their mussels with pork belly is a delight. Oddly, my least favorite thing they do is pickles. But I'm ok with that. I love getting my fat on here. It's dreamy. Unfortunately everybody seems to know how dreamy it is and they don't really do reservations (unless you have six or more in your party and it's not brunch) so expect a wait. But it's worth the wait. Mmmmmm	1
Amazing experience. Great food and great service!	1
My favorite spot on the UWS for dinner, comfort food, great beer, and a cozy atmosphere. The only reason I don't come here more is purely for my health.  Fried Pickles stand alone as amazing. The biscuits, the macaroni and cheese, the spinach salad, and did I mention the beer? Oh god some amazing selections that keep me asking for more, Plus root beer on tap, which I only did once because I rarely drink soda, but it was definitely worth it. And to cap it all off they have such a beautiful array of pickled goodness. Love. Pickled Tomatoes. Woah. I haven't tried their desserts because I'm afraid for myself, they look way too good to be true. Portions are HUGE so no need to get your own, trust me. Unless you're in it to win it then I say go ahead! Staff is friendly, sometimes the wait is long but it's definitely worth it.   OH and there's outside seating! In the summer this is uber nice. Jacobs Pickle I'll be back soon, I promise.	1
Jacob's Pickles, why must your crowd of people waiting always be so large? It's a great idea to make reservations as the wait can be long if you don't! This place is great for dinner or brunch. I've had one terrible service experience, but have since forgiven them and returned. My favorites are the Fried Pickles to start, and either the Mushroom Gravy or Sausage Gravy Smothered Chicken Sandwich. For brunch, I love their Biscuits &amp; Gravy or one of the egg sandwiches. Their side of Mac &amp; Cheese is pretty good as well, but I rarely have room to order it unless I share a main dish with someone! I'm usually not big on grits, but theirs are pretty delicious (must be the cheese). They have a great drink menu, whether you want a cocktail or beer. I love their Bloody BLT (with bacon and a pickled egg!) and Beer Float (good to share). And they almost always have at least 1 Michigan beer on tap which is a big plus!	1
This is one of my favorite brunch places in the upper west side. The wait here on weekends can take up to about 45min to an hour long. Go to a nearby coffee shop and wait it out or stroll around the neighborhood to make yourself hungrier. Give the pickles a try since you are walking into a restaurant with "Pickles" as its name. I have never been a big fan of pickles, but I liked the sweet and sour kick on the ones we ordered. It served as our crunchy appetizer. Then, we ordered the buttermilk biscuit with over easy eggs and sausage gravy sauce and chicken and waffles. The portions were huge. We couldn't finish and the beast in me gave up, but I certainly enjoyed the southern style breakfast.	1
This place is awesome!  The biscuits are incredible as well as the best fried chicken I have ever had. The pickles are pretty interesting to try.  The ambiance is very dark and hip with dark wood and to a of people. The lines to get in can be a b*** for weekend brunch so I would recommend putting your name in and then going for a 40 minute walk or to get coffee or something. I have also been for dinner on a Tuesday night and there was no wait at all so plan your visit accordingly. The service is also surprisingly quick for such a big space!	1
Big fan of this place and would come back again and again and again.  Sure the pickles are amazing, but there is so much more.  I would highly recommend the biscuits with an assortment of jellies and butter for an appetizer, as well as the turkey leg dinner with mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce for an entree.  Simply heavenly.  Get the bread pudding for dessert, then go to the gym the next day so you don't feel bad. Jacob runs a great place that I would recommend anyone going to.	1
Went with the 753 reviews and the theme of a "walk on the wild side" and stepped in to the Pickle place. I was not disappointed, nor were my food critics.  I was a little taken back by the fact that they do not bring you pickles while you look over the menu, or while you wait for the food. It is in the name and all. However, this does not reflect as a negative.  The menu us straight forward and is diverse enough. I has the Mac&amp;Cheese. It was HUGE. And for me, that says a great deal. I was raised to always clean my plate. In this case, I took 2/3d's to go. It was creamy and cheesy and completely delicious.  My cohorts ordered the Fried Chicken Sandwich and the FC Caesar. Both were good sized and very excellent. The sandwich came with cheese grits, which was good, but then I am not a fan of grits. The pickles on top of the sandwich were also very good, and is why I bring up the pickle thing in the beginning. As a bar, you want to encourage people to drink, and salty pickles would do that nicely. As a visitor to NY, I would come back though. All the food was good! Score another point for my Foodma!	1
Seriously, I am down. The pickles are freaking delicious, and the portion sizes are all very manly. $7 for a bowl of fries that you will never finish because it's larger than your head. A beer flight of four beers that doesn't use small shot glasses, but rather, they serve you with large flutes. A pretty damn large beer selection to keep you full and entertained for a very long time. Lots of patio space to enjoy the warm NY summers, and they also have pickles! I really recommend the hot sour pickles. While the big dills are pretty decent, they don't have a strong brine taste (the carrots and beets basically have none). The hot sour pickles with a Belgian or a summer ale and some good friends on a warm day. You can't ask for anything more. Except! You can! The fried pickles that come with some amazing aioli is where it's at. They're perfectly crispy and sour, and when they're left overnight, you can still taste the amazing sour dill underneath the batter. Win.	1
Mmmm heart attack brunch!  After hearing that there was chicken and pancakes on the menu, this become a must eat place for me, and we finally made it happen for a Saturday brunch!  We started with four pickle varieties including beets (yum) and jalapeños (embarrassingly too hot for me), as well as BLT bloody Mary's (hello bacon and egg garnish!). I then enjoyed the chicken and pancakes, served with real maple syrup! the chicken was juicy and cooked to perfection, and the pancakes were a perfect compliment, the biscuit batter is unreal!  I also was able to try the coop which actually stole the show for me - probably because of the cheese grits served with a buttery biscuit - it doesn't get much better!  Definitely worth braving the line!	1
Many different things to like about this restaurant: (1) Reservations: the restaurant gets very crowded and waiting times can be very long, so reservations are a VERY good idea.  About 24 hours before we planned on eating, we originally made a reservation for 8.  But the numbers changed several times over the next day - first to 9, and then to 11.  Each time, the person answering the phone cheerfully changed our reservation without any problem (note - many of the tables at this restaurant are sort of "communal" affairs: long tables that can seat up to 20 or so, good deal for very large parties).  Additionally, although we showed up 20 minutes early for our reservation (and were initially told that our table wouldn't be ready until the actual reservation time), we were seated within 10 minutes. (2) Staff: our party of 11 included two different families and 7 children of various ages, none of whom seems to have conceded that you can't get EXACTLY what you want in a restaurant, even if it isn't on the menu.  Our waiter was incredibly friendly and dealt with all of our various requests without any complaints or difficulties.  For about two hours, every time he came to the table (which was often), he was asked to bring something else - show up with one coke; asked to bring two more.  We never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for him to show up, or for the table to be cleared after each course. (3) Food: this is the star of Jacob's Pickles.  I cannot think of one thing the 11 of us ordered (6 different appetizers, 7 different entrees, 4 sides, and 3 different desserts) that wasn't delicious.  Actual quote from my daughter: "I don't usually like fried pickles,  but these were great."  Both my son and daughter tried the cheese grits (neither had ever had grits before) and loved them.  I am not a pancake fan, but the chicken and pancakes were amazing.  Frankly, I was disappointed I ordered the catfish tacos (which weren't bad, but weren't as amazing as everything else), because it meant I didn't have as much room to eat off of everyone else's plates.  Standouts for us included: fried pickles, biscuits &amp; (sausage) gravy, chicken &amp; pancakes, and sausage gravy smothered chicken.  Loved all of the desserts we ordered. Will definitely return.	1
I LOVED this place! My best friend &amp; I are pickle lover so knew we had to stop. Had a smorgasbord meal mid afternoon of the kosher dill pickles (unique and amazing tasting), fried pickes (so perfect), Mac and cheese (amazing cheesy baked goodness), grilled corn (a bit spicy for me but so fresh), and the biscuit starter (soooo YUMM with honey/fresh butter). The atmosphere was spot on perfect. Just loved it!	1
Food was excellent, and the staff was very nice. My boyfriend and I went after work one Tuesday around 6pm and only had about a 5 minute wait to sit outside. The waitress was nice and knowledgeable about the beer selection, which was pretty extensive. First we had the fried pickles. The pickles themselves were great, but we did not like the breading. My BF had one of the biscuit sandwich meals and I had a burger. Both were excellent and covered with a huge mound of shredded pickles. The fries I got with my burger were also really good. When I ordered a second beer, they were out of two beers I requested. The waitress instead brought me a sampling of 5 other beers that had a similar flavor. The reason why I am giving 4 out of 5 stars is because it was expensive! 4 beers, fried pickles, burger and sandwich came to a total of $90!!  I would go back for beer but would make sure I was flush with cash at the time.	1
Nice atmosphere (reminds me of meatball shop). Bloody mary blt drink was excellent, pickle brine margarita was just ok- kind of tasted like lemonade. The biscuits were great. The chicken blt sandwich was also excellent and the mac and cheese was uhmayzinggg!! Like others said, the mac n cheese side was meal-sized. Pickles were good also and they better be since it's in the name.	1
YAAAAAS real country biscuits &amp; gravy. I went at 4PM on a Monday, so I did not get a look at the annoying crowds/music everyone is talking about. The fried pickles are weird. They cut a whole pickle vertically into four thick slices and deep fry them. I've never seen fried pickles done this way and the pickle was so thick it took forever to cool down and was just kind of gross once it wasn't scaldingly hot. The lemonade is $5 but they fill the mason jar with so much ice, you literally get 3 sips for that price. But, regardless, 5 stars because the biscuit + fried chicken + sausage gravy is BOMB. And they give you a HUGE portion. Could be shared between two hungry people easily. I took over 50% of it home.	1
This place is AMAZING. You must get the chicken and pancakes! The 45 min to hour wait is worth it. Kick back and read the sunday times while waiting, and they'll text you when your table is ready. It is consistently excellent but quite packed. The mixed drinks are good, but the bloody mary is a little too cocktail saucy for my tastes, so I've switched to the vodka rosemary lemonade (fantastic). The wait staff is attentive without being obtrusive, and the food arrives quickly. I will be coming back here for brunch for a long time.	1
This place is awesome! We found this perfect brunch spot from yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint. Everything was fresh the staff was quick and knowledgeable and the flavors were outstanding! If you are in the area this is a must do! I recommend the mimosa, sausage gravy and strawberry French toast! I can't wait to come back!!!	1
Really enjoyed this place, my party was seated immediately on a busy Sunday night which I was very surprised how packed it was at 9pm. We had a little trouble seeing the menu and had to use out cell phones to read the menu which was the only negative part of this experience. The wait staff was very polite and knowledgeable about the menu with great recommendations. We ordered 2 Mac and cheese's, meatloaf and chicken and pancakes. And we did not know how big the portions were. We could of order one Mac and cheese and it would of been good for 4 people. The good was amazing and very filling and very affordable. Highly recommend the root beer they have on tap. I look forward to coming here again	1
Basically you need to experience Jacob's Pickles. I don't give 5 stars and after a day of thinking over everything I just can't give anything under a 5. I am from the south and came up to NYC to visit some friends of mine. One friend kept raving about this place and wanting to come so I took her advice and we decided to go down to Jacob's Pickles to eat and drink a little.  To start off the whole waiting system is great with the whole text message thing and gives you some time to get drinks at the bar next door. We finally got seated after about 20 minutes at the L table next to the coolers and it didn't seem cramped at all like what these other people are saying.  Started the night off with some cocktails and the fried pickles. I've eaten fried pickles many times being from the south and I just can't get over the ones we got as an appetizer. I remember after I ate one I immediately said that I would return to Jacob's Pickles just for those fried pickles! For the main I got the Fried Chicken topped with pickles on a honey biscuit and it was killer. I would recommend it to any of my southern friends that visit NYC. The chicken was cooked correctly and didn't stick to my teeth at all which usually happen with overcooked chicken. The pickles came on a mound on top of the fried chicken and bottom half of biscuit and it was a little scary at first because I'm not a huge pickle fan. What ended up happening was that I had eaten almost all of the pickles without even realizing that I still had some chicken and biscuit left. I think this biscuit sandwich was perfect for me since I could still taste the fried chicken even with the sweet pickles and the honey on the biscuit really comes through at the very end which works really well with the soft but crumbly biscuit. All in all I would highly recommend this place and is worth a stop if you are in or near the UWS. The only negative I would say about Jacob's Pickles is that the cheese grits it comes with are slightly too thick and need a little punch because it feels very different compared to the biscuit sandwich that was served with it.  I still can't believe I found a place worthy of a 5 star review. You win this time!	1
Favorite restaurant in NYC! Amazing food and great staff. Amazing tap selection. If you love contemporary takes on southern comfort food, this place will please you more than anywhere in NYC. Kelly and Arsh are the best! Only issue is the long wait, but just give them your number and. Swing next door to the amazing bar E's Bar and have a drink and play a game and JP will text you when your table is ready. It's worth the wait!	1
I turned to Jacob's Pickles after scrolling through several TOP BRUNCH SPOT lists in the city. I needed a place that would easily accommodate a group of 7, and wouldn't break anyone's wallet. Turns out this was the best decision I could have hoped for. The UWS location (and close proximity to central park!) made for a pleasant post-meal walk and the actual ambiance of the place was an awesome brick-laden-bustling-beer-pub vibe with just enough trendiness to attract the millenial brunch crowd. So did the food live up to the set up? yes. yes. yes. The menu was full of  "comfort food" items with a modern twist, but not the kind of modern twist that makes you want to angirly chastise hipsters for ruining classics and storm up to harlem to get some "real" chicken and waffles. No. Everythign we ordered at Jacob's pickles was on point. My order of Honey Chicken and Pickles on a biscuit was everything I hoped for-- tender fried chicken breast that wasn't heavy or greasy, a fluffy biscuit soaked in just the right amount of clover honey. The thinly sliced tangy pickles cut through the fried batter and buttery biscuit so the meal didn't feel heavy and overwhelming at all. My biscuit also came with cheese grits, which were a little salty but really tasty. Some of my friends ordered the gravy-smothered biscuits and thought they were heavy and hard to finish, but hey, not all of these entries are for the faint-hearted. My friend who ordered the fried chicken and pancakes thought it was amazing, and even better than the traditional chicken and waffles (you win this time, hipsters). The portions are big so you get what you pay for, and although the iced tea was a little expensive, it was refreshing and the perfect complement to my biscuit. Also, I must add that I had to change my reservation several time to adjust for people who couldn't make it, and the staff didn't seem annoyed at all like other places I've been to in this kind of scenario. In fact they were enthusiastic and helpful! I definitely recommend this place for groups!	1
My sister has been RAVING about this place for awhile now so on my last visit to NYC we stopped in for Sunday brunch. They do not take reservations for parties under 6 (just an FYI). We arrived at about 1145 and we had a 25 minute wait.  Bloody Mary's are a MUST! Nomz nomz We each got one of the biscuit dishes. Get the biscuits. Seriously. Love love love.  The fried pickles are of the beer batter variety and like everything else at this restaurant AMAZE!  They specialize in well made comfort food...and pickles! I will definitely return here soon! The atmosphere is a little loud and be prepared to sit a little close to the other patrons. The whole place is well put together and has a very distinct image. Love it!	1
I came here for a super early "brunch" (9:30am) - the aftermath of waking up at 5am on a weekday for work... so my husband and I were up early and hungry for food. We tried to come here during prime brunch hours 2 weeks prior and were stunned at how long the line was to just -- PUT OUR NAMES DOWN! I worked in a restaurant and I must say - that was ridiculous.. we stood in line for 15 minutes and the line didn't move and this was just to put our names in! When we at there at 9:30am - service was good, they came straight away with the coffee - intelligentsia - really good! I ordered some of their pickles ( i love pickles) and the fried chicken with biscuit - really good too!!  I will come here again - probably early.. or for dinner with friends to try all their pickle selections. It's a very cute place.  I don't recommend waiting in line just to put your name it, but if you have a party of 6 or more they take reservations. If you're really dying to try this place, have fun waiting in line during prime brunch hours!	1
Went last night and had a wonderful dinner! Walked in and got a table immediately with my friend around 9pm.  We ordered the honey chicken biscuit with pickles and a side of macaroni and cheese to share. First the portions are really generous and which was perfect for sharing. The chicken was fried perfectly although one of the pieces were not super warm (I like my food piping hot so I know it is fresh off the stove!)  The macaroni and cheese was piping hot and delicious and cheesy like it should be! Again, the portion of this side dish was so large that I could not finish it even with sraing with my friend. Took it to go! Overall this place is amazing and the ambience is incredible. Modern decor with hip hop classics playing in the background. Seating is pretty tight but the food and music is so good you don't even care!	1
this place is ridiculously good. a fat kid's dream.  ambience &amp; decor: 10 service: 10 food: 10 that pretty much sums it up. great place for Saturday afternoon / early eve drinks at the bar and waiting for a table. MUST get the fried chicken &amp; biscuits, the deviled eggs appetizer &amp; the shrimp &amp; grits. just do it.  great beer, mixed cocktails &amp; fun bar scene. can't wait to return ... please open one in the UES! thank you :)	1
Loved everything about this place. I had the biscuit appetizer (strawberry jelly was my favorite), the hot &amp; spicy pickles, and the southern BLT biscuit sandwich. My friend and I shared a side of fries not knowing that cheese grits came with the sandwiches. Skip the fries (enough to feed 4-6), and enjoy the cheese grits. Loved, loved, loved the hip-hop music - all the classics.	1
Ate here 3 times during my weeklong stay on the Upper West Side - Wednesday lunch, Friday dinner, and Saturday brunch.  Yes. That's two meals in a row.  Don't judge me til you've tried it. Wednesday was a rainy day.  Stopped in for lunch after visiting the American Museum of Natural History.  Place was nearly empty, so we were seated immediately.    Friday night and Saturday were much more crowded.  Waited 45 minutes to be seated both times.  The fact that we waited both times should tell you something about the place.  Loved the decor.  The feel of the place is distinctively Southern, which may be why this NOLA native gravitated there.  Even had decent restrooms, which is a rare find in Manhattan.  Back of the restaurant has long trestle tables, which gave it a tavern or pub feel.  A great chance to meet your neighbors, but we found the New Yorkers less amiable than us Southerners.  That kind of dampened the effect. Only real problem was the lighting.  At night, it is too poorly lit to see.  All over the restaurant folks were using their phone flashlights to read the menu.  That's a bit silly. The bar is particularly nice, with it's neat rows of great American spirits adorning the walls, like Michter's and Four Roses Bourbon - two of my favorites.   So, on to how the food and drink taste! On all three visits, we started with the Hot Sour Cukes.  Really well done; reminds me of my Granny's homemade pickles.  Good vinegar kick, just a tad spicy, with a hint of sweet to finish.   I had the Michter's American Manattan and the Kentucky Porch Sipper, while my wife stuck with the Rosemary Vodka Lemonade on each visit.  All were well executed, but the Manhattan was my favorite. On all three visits my wife and I split an entree.  First was the Southern BLT Biscuit Sandwich. Plenty of food for two, especially with the side of grits.  But, we also ordered some fries for good measure.  :) The mix of flavors on the biscuit sandwich was perfect - bacon, sweet and spicy slaw, fried green tomato, and excellent fried chicken.  This was our favorite dish.  Grits were an excellent compliment. On our next visit, we had the Mushroom Gravy Smothered Chicken biscuit sandwich.  Also very good, but not spectacular; the gravy drowned out all the other flavors. Saturday brunch we split the chicken and pancakes.  Couldn't come close to finishing the enormous pancakes, but there wasn't much chicken.  Good flavor combo though.  Pancakes were of the sweet variety, not the buttermilk ones I was hoping for.  Still a tasty dish. In summary, it was a great place. Go for the cocktails, comfort food, hint of Southern charm, and great beer list.  Lunch is the time to go to avoid a long wait while getting the same great quality food, without needing a flashlight.  And if you sit at one of the trestle tables, say hi to your neighbor.  Then you'll get the full experience of a Southern meal.	1
Absolutely amazing - went for dinner with a group of friends last night, shared lots of plates. The pickled dilly green beans and the special sours were so awesome. Really enjoyed the sausage special, awesome portion and really good french fries. The BBQ smothered pepper jack chicken is a must try. The cocktail menu is awesome - rosemary vodka lemonade was my favorite. The service was good - they didn't rush us out, let us really spend alot of time trying the menu. I will definitely come back. 1 thing worth mentioning, Rebecca from the front of the house/hostess stand was extremely rude. It was actually alarming how much she didn't fit into the culture. The way she spoke to us and other parties left a bad taste in my mouth. Not bad enough to swear off Jacob's because the food was excellent... Management just may want to reevaluate how they represent their restaurant. Not a warm welcome.	1
Probably the most unique restaurant on the UWS. Food is always good, great atmosphere, and a nice bar. On Fri-Sat night expect a 1-2 hour wait for a table. They have some really interesting items on the menu and both times I went it was difficult to settle on one choice. I really like their fried chicken. I've gotten it twice on what is supposed to be sort of a sandwich biscuit, but impossible to eat with your hands. It comes with a side of grits mixed with cheese which is great but very heavy. The pickle appetizers are excellent as well. The combo sampler is the way to go, you get to pick what you want. Good craft beer selection as well.	1
Food: Awesome Price: Average NYC Prices Wait: TOO LONG (especially for brunch) For Dates: Yes For Friends: Yes (over 6 people - get a reservation) Service: Average Ambience: Southern. Casual	1
Great Brunch! I had the egg and cheese biscuit sandwich with a side of home fries and a mimosa. I was stuffed for the day. I do recommend calling ahead for reservations. We waited about 30 minutes for a table.	1
it's really important to share and bring a party to share with. Food is great, but the portions are seriously huge.	1
Wow! Amazing food, perfect blend of hot and cold within each dish. My wife and I met up with her father and his wife. We were all swept away with the food, but equally as impressive was the staff. From the hostess to the wait staff to the management...hands down one of the most professional and mindful staff services we have experienced. Highly recommended! Come with an empty stomach, food is filling...enjoy!	1
I love this place... just dont get carried away like we always do and order 5 or six things off the menu.. the portions are HUGE in size and flavor.  also- def not a low calorie meal	1
Indubitably the best brunch on the UWS. Their fried chicken is exceptional.  Their buttery biscuits blow my socks off.  And I'm certain that if I eat another pot of their grits, I'm going to have to go on cholesterol medication.  But it will be worth it!!!! I'm not one for pickles - but the bf rated them up to snuff!	1
This would easily be a five star review if it wasn't for the location.  The food is so good - chick and pancakes to perfection.  Amazing breakfast sandwiches!  Cocktails perfectly made.  They understand deviled eggs - keep it simple!  Yea.  The pickles are good.  What takes away the star?  The fried pickles - not good.  Tempura batter?  Seriously??  Just wrong on so many levels.  The fried green tomatoes were perfect - quick tip; just use the cornmeal coating from the tomato on a pickle and you got it.  Fry a pickle chip, not a spear.   Next reason - ditch the communal tables or at least pull seats out.  Way too crowded with the next table bumping me over and over and over.  I know it's New York City and space is limited but I would gladly pay more for that food to not have to eat while constantly being gut checked by my neighbor.	1
First off, let me tell you, I know my fried chicken. JP gets it right with a crispy outside and juice inside. I've been to this place numerous times, and it's been consistently good! The service is excellent! Tried drinking some vinegar-of-a-cider once and the server must have noticed my pain, because he came back with a yummy Bloody Mary instead :)  Two thumbs up the brunch! If you've got that weekend homestyle comfort food craving, this is your place. Get the fried chicken pancakes and Bloody Mary. But you have to get there crack of dawn early, just as they open. Good beer selection too. Lastly, I absolutely love the atmosphere, with the giant open window front, it's both elegant and rustic! Pickle jars and Titos vodka line the back of the bar in a great minimalists pattern.  My only complaint is that the selection of pickled items tastes a bit over the top. It's either over spiced or much, much too sour. Not edible, in my opinion.  The place is always packed, so I would recommend it to young folks looking to mingle. Cheers	1
Long wait. But, worth it! Kill the time at the bar with a BLT Bloody. If you manage to get a seat get a pickle spread to hold you over. This place is the hang over CURE.	1
This place had good reviews and I try to go to local's favorite places wherever I vacation to. Jacob's Pickles was amazing! I've never had biscuits and gravy that was so delicious! I thought I made good gravy......apparently I have some things to learn.  I want to come back here and eat the pickles! But just so y'all know, you must try the gravy!	1
Awesome place for a family dinner! I got the Mac n cheese and the fried pickles for the 5 of us to share -- more than enough for everyone! I had the chicken Caesar salad topped with fried chicken and it was delicious. The menu has a southern style to it so almost everything on it has fried chicken (hopefully that's what you're looking for!). For desert, I strongly recommend the bread pudding to share. It's massive and it tastes like heaven.	1
Went for lunch on a Thursday. Awesome service, great drinks and outstanding food. Started with 4 types of the homemade pickles. You get a lot. Check out the pictures. Deviled eggs are top shelf. Biscuit sandwich was big enough for both of us to share. If you leave hungry it's your own fault.  Our server Jed was phenomenal. I get the feeling he works at a high end establishment when he is not at the pickles. Some pancakes just walked by and they look great. Huge! I am a little jealous.	1
Had dinner there last night for the first time. Everything was delicious! Started with the Spicy Brine Margaritas, which are a must try, truly the perfect blend of spicy and brine. One of the best margaritas I've ever had. The biscuits were amazing, fresh and soft, not too dense and the fixins that come with them were the perfect compliment. Had the turkey leg dinner and it was tender and juicy, perfect mashed potatoes and delicious cranberry sauce, they could have been a little more generous with the portion of cranberry. Got the mussels with pork belly, They were tender and fresh, really yummy! Also had the shrimp and grits, again, amazing flavors, fresh and delicious!! Everything was really, really yummy. Fun atmosphere and great drinks. We were in the City for the night and with all the countless dining options available in NYC, we were SO happy with our choice of Jacob's pickles!	1
If you want Soul Food but don't want the "Itis" right after then Jacobs Pickles is the spot. Great Service and Great Food. Mushroom gravy smothered chicken, buttermilk fried of course w/cheese grits was SLAMMIN!	1
I have been a few times to Jacob's pickles and it's constantly good. The food and drinks is always nice there, though the waiters do rush you sometimes (where I usually insist that we are still eating our food). The atmosphere and decoration is very nice, which is the reason I visit frequently. It's a pity they removed from the menu their orange sausage with was a favourite plate to accompany beers. I hope they bring it back soon!	1
This is a good place, and Southerners wouldn't poo poo it much at all, especially for the tasty biscuits. This place bills itself as sort of an odd conglomeration of foods sundry and delicious: pickles, biscuits and beer. Yes, yes, and yes! I started with the fried pickles. I approved of the spear cut. Some people like their fried pickles cut into chips. I like da spears. The breading on the pickles was thick and soft, and boy you gotta let those suckers cool off for at least five minutes. The breading holds in the grease and the moisture from the pickles, and they are HOT. Quite good, not the best fried pickle, BUT good for a change of pace if you're tired of the Brother Jimmy's standard fare. Ordered the honey pickle chicken biscuit, and it was strange and lovely. The pickles were more sweet than sour (not my preference) but it made sense since there was a dallop of honey under the chicken, which was delicious and could stand up to any southern fried biscuit chicken joint south of the Mason-Dixon. You need a knife and fork to eat it, because with all the moisture from the pickles and the honey, the whole thing falls apart. And that's okay. The cheesy grits that came with the biscuit were fucking good. Sorry to swear, but it's the best way I can put it. Unfortunately, when I asked for hot sauce, I got sriracha. Please. You can only serve this stuff with some sort of Louisana, vinegar-based hot sauce!  My only bone to pick with this place was the beer selection. I lament that so many places load their menus with bland domestics and fake specialty beers OR they load them with uber-hopped, weirdly-brewed and oddly named stuff from California. Where is the middle ground? Poor me, huh.	1
I discovered this place a little over a year ago while searching for brunch places on the UWS. I love pickles, so needless to say I was excited to try this place out. They pickle a variety of different items, all delicious, and an excellent appetizer to your meal. Their food is as close to southern comfort style as we will get here in NY. I love fried chicken. And they serve excellent fried chicken atop biscuits and smothered in gravy. Their drinks are also excellent. I'm a bit sad that so many other people have discovered the place, because it means there is always a wait (if you don't have reservations). But it is delicious and well worth the wait!	1
Ummm don't order too many pickles! My husband and I ordered four types of pickles (3 cucumbers and 1 carrot) and just one kind of pickles would have been enough. Seriously. Look at your life, look at your choices. How many pickles do you actually want to be eating?  I was like, "Uuugghh it's too bad we can't give the rest of these pickles away, but people would probably think it was weird!" But then later this guy who was standing near us (we were seated at the bar-ish thing by the fridge) thought they were free bar pickles, so he reached for a pickle and his friend was like "WHAT ARE YOU DOING THOSE PICKLES BELONG TO THEM." And I said, "Please take our pickles!!! We don't want them!!!!!" and one girl took a couple of pickles but the guy that originally reached for them wouldn't take any! But I KNOW YOU WANT THOSE PICKLES. JUST TAKE THEM.	1
I've stopped in here twice once for brunch and another for dinner.  Simply put get the bacon covered pancakes topped off with buttermilk breaded chicken. Deviled eggs were great but not tart enough for my liking.  For dinner order the southern BLT which is more like the sandwich of the year for me. Pickles, coleslaw, fried tomatoes and the buttermilk breaded chicken placed onto a biscuit. Life is now complete.  Mac and cheese that comes in a cast iron and blackened on top is what I call comfort food.  A very long beer menu and a wonderful dimly lit ambiance with a library / speakeasy feel.  Food comes out super fast.	1
My review is based purely on food albeit limited experience.  I am from the south and have very high standards when it comes to southern food. The only 2 things I've ordered are the fried pickles and the biscuits and gravy. I typically never write reviews unless my taste buds are mind blown. In this case, they've been had.  My buddy and I got a spot at the bar, the food came out late, so the manager and bar tender really hooked us up, but on another note, the food was spectacular. The biscuits and gravy were wonderful with the gravy consisting of chunks of mushroom and creamy gravy (no sausage flavor for those meat lovers).  We also ordered the fried pickles (which I NEVER order in the south because they always seem to end up like a greasy mess). In this instance, the batter around the pickle was thick and flavorful, with the pickle being a pickle and still being crispy (not a soggy mess). It came with a nice spicy dipping sauce (mayo-jalopeno-spices-blended?).  They had some nice beers on tap. I will be back to try some of the main courses. Thanks Jacob's.	1
The shrimp n bacon grits are the beez neez, so savory.  I was sort of sleeping on the kale salad, then I tasted that wasabi dijionasie  vinegrette and those same amazing shirmp, now I know now that everything on the menu must be delicious.	1
Jacob's Pickles is amazing! For around $8 a glass, you can try delicious cocktails and beer from around the world. Their selection of American beer on tap is particularly impressive. I tried the Peak Organic Fresh Cut Pils from Maine. It was exactly as the bartender had described: light, slightly bitter, and delicious. It was just what I wanted. My friend had the Chilled Apple Pie Moonshine cocktail. That too was incredible. I hadn't had moonshine since I was a kid!  Jacob's Pickles is, however, as the name suggests, really about pickles. Their motto is "Beer. Biscuits. Pickles." They have an extensive appetizer menu that includes all kinds of homemade pickled offerings, from the original kosher deli pickles to pickled beets and carrots.  In addition, you will find homemade southern style comfort dishes for between $14 and $20 on their dinner menu. The minute you walk into Jacob's Pickles, you will know you're in a special place. The people are friendly, the drinks are great, and attention to detail is apparent throughout.  As for the decor, if you're like me, it will make you feel as though you've stepped back into 1920's New York. The lighting creates an intimate ambiance. And from the bar, you can enjoy an excellent view of the exterior. I can't wait to come when it snows!  Jacob's Pickles is a one-of-a-kind neighborhood find. It has the best food and beverage menu I've seen thus far--all at prices that can't be beat.  Bottom line: Jacob's Pickles is as good as it gets.  Stayed tuned for an updated review with more info on the dinner menu.	1
One of my favorite brunches that I have ever had in NYC! My friend and I shared the fried chicken caesar salad and the egg and cheese on a biscuit. They were both so delicious and I loved the fresh shavings of cheese that they had on both. The only downfall is the wait. We came at 1:15 on a Saturday and there was an hour wait. We gave our phone number and got coffee at a place nearby. We were seated by 2ish and were ravenous. I'd love to come and try other things on the menu!	1
I really enjoyed my experience at Jacob's Pickles.  It is a cool atmosphere with tasty food to back it up.   We were told the wait would be 20 minutes and that's exactly what it was, which is helpful.  The fact that they text you when your table is ready is also great.   We started with the biscuits and fixins.  The biscuits are huge, buttery, fluffy, and flavorful.  The maple butter on the side was also delicious.  These are some of the best biscuits I've had.   The entrees were also quite good.  I really enjoyed the catfish tacos--the fish was well cooked and the slaw and sauce were great.  The bacon,egg, and cheese biscuit was also awesome.  Everything went together really well and the chicken had a nice kick to it.   Not to be forgotten, the drinks were also noteworthy.  I particularly liked the apple moonshine. The one big miss of the meal was dessert.  If you've read any of my reviews, you know that I'm OBSESSED with bread pudding.  Naturally, I had to order the biscuit bread pudding.  First, it's HUGE (which is almost always a plus in my book); however, this thing was GIGANTIC.  I took a few bites and was disgusted.  It basically tasted like undercooked biscuits with a bunch of cruddy tasting ice cream on top.  This dish was not sweet at all.  It takes a lot for me not to devour dessert and I actually felt sick after 2-3 bites.  I think this dish would be much improved if they added something to sweeten it up like caramel or chocolate. Overall, Jacob's is one of the better restaurants I've been to lately and I am definitely eager to return soon.	1
Jacob's Pickles is solidly one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  It starts with the laid back, simple yet refined look of the spot. Not everyone likes communal tables, but there are plenty of non-communal tables. I love the exposed brick. Our waiters and waitresses have always been really nice. Overly attentive but not in the obnoxious way. Great drink selection. I've gotten the NY beer flight, the rosemary lemonade, and excellent wines. Don't be afraid to ask for a recommendation, as there's a lot to choose from, and the people who work here know their stuff.  And the food -- well, they make healthy salads unhealthy, but everything is delicious. Don't leave without trying the grits or the fried pickles -- and the fried Oreos if you still have room.	1
Finally, something in NYC that lives up to its hype.  I came here for brunch/lunch with a friend after church on Sunday and the wait was quoted at 45 min - 1 hr. We waited appx 50 minutes and were seated at the bar, which was fine. (BTW ladies, the bar has hooks for your purses). I think you may want to avoid Sunday lunch time, since Redeemer Presbyterian Church (huge) next door has services that end around 11AM and 1PM...plan your visit accordingly.  I had the sausage gravy chicken biscuit whatever and it was delightful. I really cannot explain how awesome it is. I don't think the fried chicken was spectacular, but the blend of the fried chicken + excellent biscuit + gravy blew me out of this world. My friend at the Southern BBQ and I think that may have been even better, maybe with a side of gravy.  I replaced the cheesy grits with "home fries" (which are overglorified potatoes you get at any other brunch place). In retrospect I probably should've gotten the fried pickle as a side instead.  The service was pretty average. I can't really say the hostesses were outstanding at what they do, nor the waitstaff THAT attentive or on top of things. I do think that their waitstaff was a bit slow in terms of getting to tables and cleaning up, which probably adds to the initial wait for a table.  Anyways...I'll be back!	1
First and foremost the obvious: the food here is amazing. No doubt. It'll clog your arteries, offer zero nutritional value (lol, grits) and most likely make your ass jiggle, but that's a sacrifice that people are willing to make when the food is this tasty. Jacob's Pickles doesn't have a problem with that, and neither do I. The chicken biscuits are really incredible, and the spicy margarita with pickle brine is a stroke of genius in its own right. That said the only negative for my dining partner and I is that this place has a serious case of table flipping madness. The area in the back is PACKED, communal style, and this results in a very cramped, very noisy experience. In addition to this our entrees were brought out before we were even halfway done with our appetizer, which of course sends the message of "eat your $16 chicken biscuit and get out" loud and clear. So we obliged. Oh well. Regardless of that JP's is still delicious, and I recommend anyone in the mood for southern style comfort food check it out. Just don't expect to stick around for too long.	1
Omg. They have a bloody mary that comes with bacon.  And deviled eggs. And you can have fried chicken with biscuits in 8 different ways. The maple butter is a winner. I had the fried chicken biscuit sandwich with mushroom gravy and ordered nearly every appetizer on the menu. Skip the fried green tomatoes only because the other dishes are outstanding and I've had better. We went at 10pm on a weeknight in the rain so we got seated right away. The service was amazing. The hostess even jumped to help my friend search for his lost umbrella at the end of the night. She was very sweet. And our server was the best. My only regret was not being able to comfortably fit more food in my stomach.	1
One of my top brunch picks in the city. Anything on the menu is fantastic and the nontraditional items, such as the pickle flights, make for a fun and unique establishment. Stop by on your next Saturday brunch outing and enjoy one of their fantastic entrees and a nice craft brew.	1
This is by far and away my favorite restaurant in New York. The only problem is you pretty much always have to wait for a table. On the plus side, there's a bar next door that's a good overflow spot, so you can get a cocktail while you wait.	1
OMG,  this place is Different! This is pure NYC,  &amp;  thats why you should love this city: Different! Serving Pickles is a  brilliant idea &amp; their pickles are amazing....  Try 4 for 11.  Service was great &amp;  beer selection was good,  although they did not have half of the beers on the menu!	1
More like 3.5 stars. Was here yesterday for brunch. The wait was epic (90 minutes), and perhaps that skewed my expectations. My food was certainly good, but worth a 90 minute wait....likely not. I ordered the Coop Platter, which I really enjoyed the bacon and the cheddar grits on. My friends ordered sandwiches and biscuits and gravy, which were also tasty. I wish that they had had regular ketchup for my home fries, the one provided was a bit odd and sugary. I probably enjoyed my drink the most! I got the Rosemary Vodka Lemonade, which was a beautiful drink, strong and tasted like summer! Anyway, will likely try JP again, but maybe come a bit earlier and hopefully not wait a year to sit down.	1
Will dream burger Shake Shack also the night.Very good, soft bread good meat, looks fake even to look at him.The location in New York enriches everything with squirrels waiting for some chips.	1
This is one of our favorite brunch places. They don't take reservations but its definitely worth the wait.  My husband loves the Bloody Mary- it comes with a slice of bacon and a hard boiled egg. The service is friendly and the the food is very good.	1
Great place with a nice atmosphere, good food, and plenty of space for our party of 5. (No pun intended.)  The chicken bacon egg and cheese was delicious, the house fries crispy and kinda greasy just the way I like it.  The Mac n Cheese was pretty good, and the Grits are worth a try.  We had a helpful waiter who was able to deftly handle me being a slightly drunk patron. We are still talking about how fun it was just talking to the waiter.  Now that the food review is done the drinking review starts.  Order a Growler of (I forget, but it was a tasty Amber Beer which I throughly enjoyed.) If you want a fun group shot, order the Dickel Back. It's a Bourbon with a salty pickle juice chaser served in mason jars with a pickle slice in the chaser jar.  I am not a pickle eater but chomped the chaser pickle down without a second thought!! GO THERE.	1
No matter what time you get in here, they always have some outstanding dishes with very cool signature drinks!! I got in around 12am on a Saturday night, I tried one of their specials "organic chicken seasoned with rosemary flavor" it was so delicious !	1
Amazing! Have been a few times and each time it gets better and better. Fried pickles are a must, pickled veggies are great, brunch is awesome, and the chicken and pancakes are incredible. One of my favorite spots in NYC.	1
I've been here twice and both times felt like I had to be rolled out of the joint. It hits every comfort spot in your hungry body. I had the Mushroom Gravy Smothered Chicken and Pink Picket Fence cocktail. It was "clutch the pearls" delicious. The biscuits alone make me daydream about them sometimes with that sumptuous maple butter, oh dear lord. The fried pickles weren't that great but it really didn't matter when those naughty biscuits kept stealing the show. And the mac n cheese - hoooweee! I was so full after eating my smothered chicken and biscuits I could barely get a spoonful of the cheesy grits in. You will absolutely get your $$ worth. And probably will not need to eat for the rest of the day if you come for brunch.  Both times I was here for brunch and the wait was fairly long - at least 45 min to an hour. But I was there with a group each time and we chatted the time away easily so for me the wait was not much of an issue. Definitely recommend this place!	1
Nice place. Love the underground music playing! Good vibe. The chicken and biscuit entrees are great,and the grits are the best ever. My five year old loves this place,and so does my wife. ..thanks for making us happy!	1
Longish wait but worth it. Great ambience and delicious food. I got  honey chicken and pickle biscuit sandwich with grits, which was really good. My friend got biscuits and gravy which she really liked as well. I'll definitely go back to try something else.	1
I often feel like the only New Yorker who doesn't go crazy over brunch. I'm very neutral. It's just a lazy man's breakfast with egg variations, and it's the norm to line up an hour to eat at a happening brunch spot in the city. No thanks. Jacob's Pickles is an exception. I've ventured to the UWS just to eat there twice now and never regret it. I love pickles, and theirs are quite good. I mean, if you're going to name yourself Jacob's Pickles then your pickles better be the best damn pickles, right? I like their cheese grits. The biscuit sandwiches are good. The french toast is phenomenal. Portion are always huge. The restaurant has a nice feel to it; it has a wooden interior, communal tables in the back, and mason jars a-plenty, it's spacious, and servers are friendly. Their Bloody Mary looks excellent too. But ah, the wait - no way around that unless you get there before 11. I'd much rather wait here than at the other hyped up brunch spots with stupid expensive omelettes.	1
The sausage gravy is really delicious. In fact, stick to the gravy dishes. They are so delicious, you'll be licking your plate. Mac and cheese was heavy. I do not recommend getting that as your main course, or else you'll be done eating after four bites. Maybe get a side of mac and cheese to share because the portions are large, and it will be more than enough mac and cheese for everyone. When it comes to the pickles, the pickled eggs were more like hard boiled eggs soaked in brine, so it was easy to pass on that. The traditional cukes were pretty good though! I will be coming back for more.	1
Great music, doesn't get better than 90s hip-hop! The biscuits were delicious. Wasn't a fan of the fried pickles.	1
I'm not one for hyperbole (who the hell am I kidding? Of course I am) but this restaurant so far places in my top 5 restaurants in the city. And pretty high up in that top 5.  Went here with a couple of friends last night and got happily stuffed on some amazing comfort food. The menu is full of dishes incorporating their famous pickles and biscuits, resulting in some funky and tasty combinations.  It had been a while since I've had any kind of red meat -- a completely unconscious decision on my part -- so I actually went against the grain and didn't get a biscuit dish, which is what the restaurant is known for. I ended up with the Pickle Cheeseburger, which came loaded with sour pickle slices. The burger was pleasantly juicy, perfectly cooked and oh so tangy with the pickles. It probably only had one small slice of cheddar, but it could have had no cheese at all and still been great. Probably not the best burger I've had in the city, but definitely up there.  Other dishes that looked good included the chicken and pancakes, and some of the biscuit sandwiches.  I highly recommend you get the pickle sampler as an appetizer, but come hungry. We made the mistake of getting the full sampler (8 different types of pickles, pickled peppers, etc.) to split between the four of us. As good as they were, we struggled to finish all of them.  Also, the rum and root beer cocktail is out of this damn world.  The only issue is that, at night, the restaurant gets very dark; we had to use our iPhones and the candles to read the menu.	1
Heavenly.  Its hard not to expect a glorious experience - maybe even get expectations a tad too high - when a menu has magical offers such as "add bacon to any beer for $2" - but even the high hopes and expectations this created were an easy hurdle for Jacob to blow past.   The pickle plate starter was excellent (the beets were a particular standout, I thought).  We also got fried pickles (maybe the only misstep - came out scalding hot, and composed a bit too bready/greasy for my taste) and biscuits (somehow rich yet somewhat light).  The Southern BLT was enjoyable, and the cheese grits that came with the sandwich superb.  My friend greatly enjoyed her burger.   The Bloody BLT - a spicy bloody mary garnished with a huge slab of bacon, a pickled hard-boiled egg and a huge sprig of romaine - was just one of the finest drinking experiences I can remember. Looked like a great beer list and amazing dessert options, although I got wait too full on appetizers, biscuits, drinks and dinner to indulge.  High quality ingredients and all   Not the most health-conscious of options, though.  I mean, to be clear... its not like I intentionally shied away from the "healthy options" section of the menu.  Make sure you save it for a night when you are ready to let your diet go off the rails (and you have time to spare for the gym the next day), and all will be well.	1
Comfort food at its finest! The honey chicken sando covered in pickles nestled on top of the most delicious biscuit is a must order! This place is all American and it does not disappoint. Came for brunch and there was a line the entire time but it seemed to move fairly quickly. Don't leave here with out trying the deep fried pickles.	1
I went to this Southern meets Jewish meets Williamsburg meets Manhattan restaurant on the Upper West Side recently, and I'm still raving about it. I've sent four other southerners and two Jews there -- of course, the southerners were not Jews. Both groups loved it. Of course the southerners won out on all of the sausage offerings here. The sidewalk patio is delightful on a nice day, and the indoor space reminds me of a Brooklyn hipster industrial space. The drinks are served in Mason Jars, and the menu is reminiscent of an upscale Cracker Barrel with the best quality fried pickles, biscuits, gravy and fried green tomatoes you've ever had. The fried pickles were cooked in a thick batter similar to fish and chips, and served in generous portion with a couple of dipping sauces. I also enjoyed one of the better Bloody Marys I've had, served in a Mason Jar and topped with celery and green beans.  The local and craft beer selection here is outstanding, while the cocktail menu (that includes Ole Smoky Moonshine) is great for bourbon lovers like me.  I'll be back to Jacob's soon, and the next time I'm getting that luscious mac n cheese.	1
We went here for brunch. The place was packed, but we had a group reservation. Great southern food and great drinks. My husband loved his chicken biscuit. I'm a southerner so we love chicken biscuits from Chick-fil-a and this was the best northern substitute (even better because it is open on Sunday and serves drinks).	1
As someone from Texas, they got the Southern food down. Might be the best bloody in the city. I wish the sausage gravy was spicier....  Service was great! Loved it!	1
Great food, wonderful waitstaff, excellent service and we got seated quickly and at a good table to see and be seen. I had the chicken and (bacon) pancakes and the fried pickles...let me tell you...it was not only DELICIOUS, it is enough food to feed me for DAYS! I took home most of my meal, had it again tonight for dinner and STILL have some leftover for lunch tomorrow. It does get busy, so if you can arrange to eat dinner a bit earlier, you won't be disappointed. I got there at 5:15, my friend arrived at 5:40 and we were seated immediately once he arrived. However, shortly into our meal, the line started forming and the wait (well worth it) was probably around 20-30 minutes...don't let that discourage you from eating here. I don't live in NYC, but I will be visiting Jacob's Pickles again on my next visit.	1
Fantastic brunch spot! We ordered a few pickles, some very tasty cocktails, and ate a delicious meal.  The atmosphere was very low key and inviting. Our waitress was prompt and attentive. An awesome treat on the upper west side.	1
Oh, sweet Jesus, this place is amazing. Here is what you need to order: 1. The pickled appetizer. You get to pick what pickled veggies you want. 2. Pancakes and chicken. Yes, together and smothered in syrup. Oh yeah, and there is bacon bits all over it. I found Heaven, and it's on that freaking plate. 3. A side of macaroni. Screw it, like a bucket. It is the BEST macaroni I have ever eaten in my life. You must eat here! You will not be disappointed.	1
Only issue is you cannot read the menu it is so dark in there. I had to use my phone to read it. But other than that, everything was amazing. The fried chicken and bacon pancakes are worth having. Drinks are excellent and all of the pickles are tasty! It's worth the wait!	1
You have to get the Biscuits &amp; Fixings, I would go back just for that! The "fixings" were all soooooo good, plus the biscuits are amazing!  Great atmosphere and drinks. It's a very busy place but we got a table very easily at around 4pm on a Sunday. The bloody mary could have been a meal in itself with a big piece of bacon on top and a hard-boiled egg, it was perfectly spiced too. My husband loved his burger and my son loved the pickles (big dill kosher cukes), I personally thought there were a bit too sour and not crunchy enough.  My salad (buttermilk fried chicken caesar) was just okay, nothing special and definitely over-priced for the quality.  Next time I would try the mac&amp;cheese, it looked delish or just have biscuits and a bloody mary for my meal :)	1
I ate a lot of things, just not the Pickles. The fired chicken is good, the biscuits are good (but they do fall apart) and the staff is great. I was disappointed in the grits but it's not only the fault of JP most restaurants that serve grits are serving them to n00bs that never ate them until the trendy neighborhood bar started serving them.  When I travel to NYC and I have friends or coworkers with me this will be one of the main stops on the food tour.  Protip: portions are large, bring a posse	1
Add another 5 stars to this restaurant's belt from me!  Came here for HH with co workers for my friend's birthday.  Had the 3 flight wine in addition to 2 more from my coworker whose not a drinker (by the end of the meal I was feeling nice :)  We tried a lot from their menu, my favs were the octopus salad and the lobster risotto special.  The escargot was not too shabby, loved dipping the bread in the pesto sauce.  The duck confit  was great as well.  I'll keep this review short because I could go on and on about the food... Service was great, our French waiter was hella hilarious and was attentive to our party of 6. I had an amazing time here and will definitely be back again and again!	1
The Quick: The food was incredible, absolutely on point with every French option. The escargot was the best I've ever had in the states. The venue was modern and played current music, perfect for crowded a happy hour. Our waiter was extremely pushy, fairly rude, and very French. Overall food 4-4.5, service 2.5-3.  The Details: Since French food is one of my favorite cuisines, I've been to many restaurants all over Manhattan and Paris. I found this restaurant to be a little different, more modern, than most French venues. The music was current the decor was trendy, and the venue was packed with loud happy hour goers. There seem to be good happy hour specials, I'll have to try that out and report back.  The Food: I find with French food that the appetizers are always the best on the menu. We always order multiple courses until we're full so here's the breakdown: Escargot- Amazing.  Big juicy pieces and a fantastic butter sauce, literally fantastic.  Steak Tartare- So flavorful, perfect quail egg on top, really great option.  Cheese plate- We let our pushy waiter pick and he made good choices; the goat cheese was 'stinky' but I found it delicious. The house made pear jam was also a treat and the baguette was crispy and warm.  Grilled Calamari salad- Differed approach to grilled calamari than I'm used to, but very tasty. It was served as extremely thick pieces with an overwhelming taste of olive oil, accompanied by a side salad.  Duck Confit- Cooked perfectly with the duck falling off the bone. It was a good size portion served on top of delicious mushrooms and potatoes in a sort of wine sauce.  The Damage: The wine is where they get you. The above food + bottle of wine ~ $170 with tip. Overall a successful evening.	1
A bar/restaurant full of french speaking male workers? I immediately fell in love!  My boyfriend and I had stopped Amelie yesterday just looking to kill the afternoon with a few glasses of wine. Amelie had totally lived up to its current Yelp rating. The service was superb. They were true sports to continue talking to us back in French, even though one of us was only intermediate at the language. The food selection was small but punctual. We were both looking to just nibble so I had ordered the COD appetizer and my other half, a CHARCUTERIE platter. All of it was very good. The charcuterie platter was filled with all the right accoutrements; jam, honey, cornichons, caramelized onions, you name it. The cod in mashed potatoes was just delicious...and rich! The selection of wine was rather smaller than what I had expected, but at least covered many of your general wine regions around the world. But overall you can't be mad. Red wine is red wine! What topped off our visit here was an actual top off of a glass of wine before we had closed out our tab. Who doesn't love a few more sips of complimentary wine!	1
Perfectly lovely spot for wine. They're serious about their Frenchie-ness here and the waiters speak French. The red attempts to bring a seductive quality to the restaurant which in broad daylight could almost get mistaken for a diner with a quick glance. There are wine bottles lighting the wall (red of course) and a random mobile at the end of the restaurant. It was so red my friend mistook the tequila bottle as a red one. Or perhaps too much wine... The wine flights are nice but you have to remember what you're sipping on which is a challenge. I enjoyed the small touches: menus on old records, checks in old paperback books in French. It was charming no doubt. This place was kind of dead at the end of the night. Clearly they're more of a starting out or date spot.	1
Five stars just for the cheese ball appetizer. Great wine and service are also a plus. We came here for happy hour (5-7) where we enjoyed too many flights of wine ($12 for 3 flights), cheese balls ($6 per) and crostinis ($3). The crostinis were good but if you're hungry go with the cheese ball.  Anyways its a small restaurant and if you're coming with a group I'd definitely suggest a reservation (through Yelp or opentable). If you're looking for a wine bar in the village this should be your first stop.	1
Went here for a special occasion with the lady friend. Overall, my experience was good. So where to start?  Walking in, I had a reservation but still had to wait a while. Place was packed. The waiter/bartender recommended a bottle of pinot noir for us which was really good. We got the steak tartare and escargot for apps. The tartare was good and had a spicy kick but the toast didn't work for me. The escargot was fantastic, just get it. We then ordered the duck confit and filet mignon as entrees. Confit was really good and tender definitely the better of the two entrees. Steak was cooked perfectly rare but not as tender as I would have hoped for that cut. I was a big fan of the sides (ratatouille I think).  Overall, we ordered too much food lol, but it was good. I don't know if wine bars are my scene but the workers here were much nicer than I have encountered at some other wine bars (pretentious). So if you like wine bars, definitely check this place out. Good date spot too.	1
Amelie has a very urban/hipstery vibe to the place. It's a small French restaurant with counters as tables. Not really great for HUGE groups but decent for a group of 2-4 people.  First off food is awesome and service was awesome as well! We had a Jamaican sounding waiter and he was really friendly and helpful when it came to helping us choose out what to eat. In the end we got a cheese/meat charcuterie board and the escargo for starters and each of us got something different for our main course.  Let me tell you, the escargo was fantastic. So don't be afraid to try snails, you can barely see the actual snail anyways with all the awesome garlic sauce! It's also highly recommended to wipe up all the sauce with the bread they provide you. The bread itself was always fresh tasting each time they brought it out and soaked up the sauces very well. Also if you're at Amelie, please please get the cheese/meat board! It's one of the main things I love about this place. Don'd be afraid of trying new combinations too because before this I never knew how awesome goat cheese was with honey or pate was with jam! The cheese board comes with the honey, jam and dried fruit and believe it or not but the board alone is pretty filling because bread. So even if the picture doesn't look like it's big enough...trust me it's definitely big enough.  The actual entrees were amazing. Definitely try the crispy duck! and the Porkchop was also pretty awesome!  The reason for the 4 star instead of 5 is for the very small selections you can have on the menu and that the place was very squishy and there isn't much of a place to stand while you wait. So people are constantly bumping into you.	1
I've been here a couple times. Once for brunch, superb! And once for happy hour, awesome!  I think it deserves 4.5 stars and it only looses the .5 of a star because it's a tiny space, that can't hold all the love that it continually receives. So, I rounded up.  Service here is always great! The staff is very well informed on their menu and wines. They're also very charismatic and friendly, not so bad on the eyes either.   The wine is wonderful! If you get a flight and tell them what flavors you like, they will not get it wrong. And the flight pours are very generous!   The food is delicious! I am an avid escargot devourer and I particularly hate it when my escargot is too chewy. I haven't ever experienced a chewy escargot at Amelie. They are always soft, warm and melt-in-your-mouth buttery. The cheese ball comes on a bed of caramelized onions and boy do they add to the flavor!        Overall, you can't go wrong here!	1
This place has an interesting menu, but don't be scared.  (I was) To start, we got a goat cheese ball and it come with a few pieces of toast, but also a never ending bread bag.  I ate all the bread.  It was SO good.   Next, I ordered the pork and ate the entire thing.  It came with amazing mashed potatoes, onions and was in this great sauce.  Also SO good.  We came for dinner, but were able to take advantage of the happy hour special of 3 glasses of wine for $12 (score!). The restaurant is pretty small, and as dinner progressed, it began to get super packed.  Our waiter was super friendly and a great help when it came to picking which wines to try.	1
More wine less talking - Ron Swanson Amelie keeps reappearing in my life, like an ex whose face you think about when you're in bed with someone else. There's a dead horse in the confines of my mind being beat when I hear about Amelie. "Best wines" "Best Happy Hour" "Wine Lovers' Dream Come True" "Best Place For a Girls' Night Out". Poor horse. This is my go-to if I need to impress someone who has a taste for wine. This also happens to be my go-to if my wallet is in need of medical attention because at $12 for three flights, I could be drunk before $30. Well, not drunk, just good enough. But that's my fault for not making more money. ...and my obsession with indigo button downs.	1
Happy hour review only - Nestled in Greenwich Village, Amélie serves up one of, if not the best, happy hour deals in the city. The decor of this place is also impeccable, with intimate seating, trendy ambiance and dim, mood lighting (date spot hint hint).  From 4-7pm daily, including weekends (!!!), you can partake in a $6 glass of wine (house selection), a $12 wine flight (3 samples of ANYTHING from their wine menu) and/or two rotating $6 appetizers (escargot and pistachio-crusted goat cheese during my trips). Their escargot wasn't my favorite, as I would have preferred more garlic than butter.  However, their pistachio-crusted goat cheese was absolutely spot-on. The addition of honey really adds a layer of depth to the otherwise simple dish. Their extensive wine menu might seem overwhelming, but luckily, they have an extremely knowledgeable staff on hand to help navigate you through. Just tell them your preferred type and flavors, and they will do all the work for you! Out of the wines I've tried, I highly, highly recommend the Ulacia Txakolina Pais Vascos 2010 - a light, floral Spanish White, (pairs well with the escargot) and the Saint-Joseph Laurent Betton 2009 - a fragrant, gentle red with blackberry and cherry flavors (pairs well with meat). While the service could have better turnaround time, I gave them slack due to the constant influx of customers, keeping the restaurant at full capacity more often than not.  I'm not a huge wine person, as craft beer is my go-to, but a few more trips here could definitely make me a convert!	1
If you like wine this is definitely the place for you. They have a great happy hour deal where you get 3 glasses of wine for $12. But I didn't partake in this deal since I'm not a drinker. It gets full pretty quickly and I recommend making a reservation.  There menu is actually very short and there are not many choices. The appetizer list is much longer than the entrée list. I guess it's because you can pair the wine with the appetizers they offer.  This is a spot where you can enjoy there happy hour and have dinner elsewhere. But of course you can have dinner at Amelie as well like we did. We had the escargot, trout, and duck leg.  The escargot was buttery with the flavors of garlic and parsley. The whole trout was prepared with the classic French grenobloise sauce. The duck leg confit had mushroom and potatoes with went very well together. It was very tender and juicy.	1
Pretty good French food. Coming from LA, there isn't too many French restaurants. So, once I got to NY, I was on the hunt for good French cuisine. Needless tp say, I was prettt impressed with amelie, and its happy hour options. First of all, mix and match a flight of wine for only $12??? Yessss, count me in! The wine paired nicely with the meat and cheese plate we ordered. We weren't sure what to get, but the server was super friendly and suggested us his favorites. I liked all the condiments that came on the plate - candied walnuts, honey, dried fruits.... delish!! Escargot was really good. Cooked perfectly with garlic, butter, and parsely and had a nice texture to it. Duck confit was bomb as well; however, so parts of it were kind tough. Overall, I walked out of amelie very full and happy :)	1
My kids selected this place by looking up reviews on Yelp and I have to say that this place was amazing. The food was great. Appetizers, main course, and then dessert...we ate it all. Definitely recommend. Olivie was an awesome host and took care of us well.	1
The interior of Amelie boasts so much Red, you would think the restaurant is run by the USSR, but make no mistake-this place is as French as it gets!  From the vast wine list to the cheese selection and what seems like freshly imported handsome and young French waiters, Amelie is a fantastic wine bar in the Village.   I got out of work early, so i didn't even make it to the Happy Hour Special (4 to 7 pm) or large crowd that seems to be plaguing people's experience.  As soon and my friend and i arrived, we were very warmly and pleasantly greeted by the bartender who provided us with fantastic service throughout the afternoon. I tried two Reds-an Italian Valpolicella (Corvina) and South West French.  I thoroughly enjoyed both vins; they were very good complements to our cheese plate.  Outside of the wide selection of French &amp; Italian wines, Amelie offers wine from just about everywhere else-South Africa, Germany, Austria, Spain, Greece, Chile, Portugal, California, you get the picture.   The Cheese plate was fantastique!  A lover of all cheese, i couldn't make a damn decision so i asked our lovely Frenchman to give us the three most popular options.  He did not disappoint, i almost ate all the rind as well.  The Brie is very creamy (possibly a triple cream?), and the presentation of the Swedish cheese was simply divine.  It was shredded and rolled up in a shape resembling a carnation.    The plate came with grapes, candied walnuts, marmalade &amp; honey and dried figs &amp; prunes.  OH and the bag of baguette!!!  One of the best things France has to offer, and more enjoyable than an afternoon in Versailles, are my memories sitting on a park bench in Paris, eating French bread to the face.   At the end of our night at Amelie, i felt compelled to stop by a liquor store and Whole Foods to buy more wine and cheese (God forbid a belly full of wine and cheese is abated)!	1
Came for their happy hour last Tuesday and had a GREAT time.  The happy hour deal is a $12 wine flight and it was def worth it. You can build your own flight, and they have pre picked flight suggestions.  I got there around 5:30 and met my friend. When I got there, it was nearly empty, but filled up in about 15 minutes.  In addition to the wine flights, we also split the Flatbread (Flatbread topped with portabella mushrooms, arugula, caramelized onions, roasted tomatoes &amp; shaved parmesan) and it was one of the most incredible things I have ever eaten. It also came with a bread basket (amazing!) and the waiter brought us olive oil and balsamic vinegar when we asked.  I will definitely be back again!! (also, the check came inside a book written in french!)	1
I think I will name my first-born child, Amélie. Bless my friend's heart for discovering this tapas/wine bar and making reservations. We originally came for happy hour but ended up ordering from the dinner menu as well. Everything, I repeat, EVERYTHING was phenomenal. What we ordered for 2 petite girls: - Benjamin &amp; Orville wine flights (generous pours) - raw oysters (3 varieties du jour, all fresh and shucked clean) - pistachio-crusted goat cheese ball with caramelized onions (after one bite, my friend and I literally looked up at each other and were speechless at how delicious this was) - prosciutto tomato crostini - salmon creme fraiche crostini - charcuterie board (brillat savarin soft cow cheese, duck breast, &amp; prosciutto di parma - enjoy with unlimited French bread) - steak tartare (has a spicy kick to it) - french onion soup (melt-in-your-mouth) We feasted and indulged like queens, until we almost exploded from over-eating. Quite attractive, huh? We didn't give two Fs. We were happily wining and dining, and being served by waiters with French accents. It's been a while since I've had such a delicious meal at a restaurant where I'm dying to yelp about and to return in the near future. Planning my next visit already!	1
I walk by this place on my way home and it's always packed. Now I know why - the happy hour prices. Flights of wine (3 glasses) for $12! Snacks for $3! Are we actually in Manhattan?  Charming atmosphere and great service - I'll be back.	1
Granted, it may seem absurd -or entirely irrational- that someone would rate the estab so highly ... Yet, the place allows for error (with flights &amp; knowledgeable staff); it allows for a safe or exotic menu; &amp; it's packed on a Wednesday (!!!).  The flights are $12, with a signif't am't per drink during HH - $17 thereafter  Don't let them foo-fee foo-fee Fwench intimidate you. Get some wine!!!	1
This place is awesome.  My friend suggested this place for happy hour after reading great reviews.  When I got there, my friend had already put in our name for a seat at the bar.  The scene was lively and red.  I loved the lights and the dim red lighting. By the time I arrived, we were seated within five minutes. The cheese ball is to die for, and they keep the bread coming.  We did the wine flights, where you get three tastings for $12.  I also had the toast topped with cured meat.  It was delicious. The bartender was charming and attentive. An overall great time, and I can't wait to go back.	1
Came here with my friend but missed happy hour. But that's okay! We got seated within 5 mins at the bar! We decided to still try their recommendation red wine which was an amazing non dry smooth wine by one of the owner there. We also ordered the mussel's appetizer and it came along with crunchy bread and french fries! First of all the mussel's were big and the broth is delicious with a dip of bread!!! We ate two bags of bread!!  Customer service there was excellent! The staffs check in with us more than 5 times to see how the food was and if anything further was needed. They also joked and laughed along with us. Extremely friendly environment here!  Not only was the food and service good, but their interior design feels so high class inside! Loved their color combination and lights! Definitely recommend to everyone! Coming back for more winning and dinning!	1
This is definitely one of my favorite wine bars/restaurants in NYC. It is located in Greenwich Village, and is very close to many great attractions including jazz clubs, comedy clubs, and a multitude of other bars. As you walk in, there is this very intimate casual-yet-romantic feel with couples and groups sprawled out in every corner. The place is small and kind of cramped but in a rather cozy way. Service here is always phenomenal; I've consistently gotten great recommendation, and the wait staff generally seems to appreciate food and wine in a way many restaurants don't.*  But of course the highlight of this place is the food. Their cheese and charcuterie plates and large and a great value. Happy hour (5-7PM) is the best in the area, with customized flights at $10. The appetizers are also delicious! Among their best are the "warm pistachio crusted goat cheese ball with honey, confiture d'oignons and toasts" as well as the "hand cut steak tartare, shallots, capers, cornichons, harissa sauce, quail egg, toasted baguette." Among the entrees, the "Gratin de ravioles du Royans" is a personal favorite, and according to my husband, the filet mignon is one of the best that he has had in the NYC area. Their corkage fee of $25 is also reasonable, and worth it considering they always use the right wine glasses. So, in summary, you should drop what you are doing, and come here. Come here hungry or some here to drink. Come here with friends, come here with parents, or come here with your spouse/significant other/that person at work that you really like. This joint is sure to impress pretty much anyone! *They also speak French to each other which makes me feel like I am in Europe. Our waiter was from Burgundy. Oh, and they bring the check in a vintage book. Very cute.	1
We went to chill at the bar for a drink and a snack, BUT the snack and drink turned out to be so much more than just the ordinary.  After the friendly French barman happily sampled us varies of white wines before my friend settled for her choice and Moi for moi patron margarita, we also had the warm goat cheese appetizer ( oh my god ... SERIOUSLY ..... Yes yes yes yum yum yum ..,, please order, no disappointment ) and the salmon tartare Oh yes very good indeed!!!!!  Yes for sure I DO recommend for small groups, first casual dates and friends hanging out and catching up.	1
So we're sitting in his car after my brunch shift, and he was like, "I want foie gras. And escargot." What are the odds that a restaurant that offers both was in walking distance? Only in New York City...  Voila, Amelie! Also the name of my favorite movie.  I had walked past this restaurant many times in my old days of living in Manhattan. So we stopped in, and it was PACKED. The staff all spoke lovely French, and added to the authentic flair of this modern French restaurant. They worked hard to seat people as quickly and efficiently as possible in such a tiny space. The wine selection was amazing, and they had excellent happy hour specials.  The lighting was dim and the atmosphere intimate. We tried the escargot, and it was shockingly nice. Also, sopping up the delicious garlic parsley sauce with the fresh bread was half of the fun.  I had the smoked salmon/avocado salad (I couldn't have anything heavy that day for some reason), and he had the duck confit. Both were excellent, and the wine pairings were on POINT.  In my crazed hastiness to get some bread from the bread basket (ok fine, I had also had a bit of wine), I accidentally knocked over my wine glass and it shattered.  The waiters were so sweet about the accident- "Was there wine in it?" "No, I drank it all." "Oh good, that's the important part."  I offered to clean up the mess, since I am a server at another restaurant. Of course they did not allow me to, but at the end of our meal, the waiter ran over and gave me a dollar tip. "For your services," he grinned.   Ah. I'm in love. Je vais revenir!	1
Had a great time for my birthday BUT I made a reservation for 9pm last Friday which was the only one available.  It was snowing so I hoped some people would cancel.  I told the maitre d' when I confirmed that if a table opened up earlier please let me know.  We met across the street at the jazz bar/club Analogue.  The prices are expensive so at 8pm we were going to another place.  Before though I thought I would go in and see if anything opened up.  Benjamin told me that someone was paying their bill and would be up soon. He made room at a bar table for a drink.  I told my friends and we were thrilled.  The place is adorable with awesome music.  We each ordered a glass of wine which came in huge beautiful glasses.  A hour and 15 minutes came and we still had not gotten a table.  Now it was later than my reservation.  When I complained, the maitre d' told me he was only a waiter.  BS.  They finally got us a table and gave us each a glass of bubbly.  It was fine but I saw him do the same to someone else and I don't like being taken for a fool. The food was very good though and the servers were charming so I still enjoyed my night.	1
I only have great things to say about this place! Do yourself a favor and check it out! First I will comment on the food/drinks: I came during happy hour where a wine flight of ANY three glasses on the menu only cost $12. I was in the mood to sample and ordered a pinot gris, a rose wine, and a glass of champagne. What a deal! I also ordered the pistachio crusted goat cheese ball, which was served with honey, onion jelly, and toasts. YUM. I didn't intend on ordering anything, but at $6 for happy hour I couldn't resist. I will definitely be back to try more things off of their menu! Now the service: while Amelie was very popular and even the bar had a wait, the host ended up splitting a table of four into two tables of 2 so we could be seated after we anticipated only being able to sit at the bar. Once we were seated, our waiter was friendly and helpful. The bartender was also excellent, and all of the people we engaged with let me practice my French without laughing in my face :p.  I look forward to coming back here soon!	1
Had a really nice dinner here. I'm quite surprised I hadn't noticed this place before! It was jam packed when we walked in for a 7pm dinner! The waiter was unbelievably friendly and nice, really great service not afraid to give wine and food recommendations.  We started out with a cheese plate which we lived, all 3 cheeses we selected upon the waiters suggestion were delicious and they were pretty big portions that came along with candied walnuts, grapes, homemade pear jam and very delicious honey and let's not forget an excellent baguette! We then both had the duck confit, this was quite tasty although not prepared the typical Parisian way in my opinion, it was in a sort of sauce/broth with a good portion of mushrooms and potatoes. The music they played throughout dinner was so awesome.  Be aware, the tables are really small, french style.  Would love to come back for lots more wine and cheeses!!	1
I don't think we would have had the same experience had we not sat in the table in the back, but it was absolutely perfect! We had the perfect amount of privacy for a memorial dinner with friends.  I can't say the decor in the rest of the restaurant was appealing (think 80s nightclub), but we were in our own little bubble. The wine continued to flow as we ordered appetizer after appetizer, followed by a cheese plate and some duck confit. Tres bien!	1
I took my best friend out for her birthday and not surprisingly, she's been there 2 other times. But both her and I had a great time and we ate SO MUCH that we literally had pry our full bellies from our seats. We ordered the chicken liver mousse, pomme frites, and the octopus salads as starters. Mind you we're 2 small asian girls but we killed it. I'm not a huge fan of liver but the mousse was like heaven melting in my palates. They give you mustard seeds, carmelized onions and pickles on the side it paired well with the buttery distinctive taste of the liver. The fries were crunchy and thin...I would of liked more dipping sauces but I loved it regardless. The octopus was not rubbery or tough and it was very tastefully placed on top a chickpea puree which was good as well. We ordered 3 flights of wine for $12. I totally would do this again...I think I got the recommended Jacque's. Cheers. Entrees---so at this point we're dipping the fries into the liver (don't judge until you try it) and we're so stuffed! But I ordered the trout and she ordered the duck leg confit. Both were good but next time I come I would order more appetizers and more wine. The only thing I would change would be the seating arrangement. The seats were so close to the other table that we have no choice but to disrupt the neighbor whenever we needed to get up.  Bon Appetite!	1
Chère Mademoiselle Amélie, I definitely had one of the most wonderful evenings in New York with you. The service you provided was really impressive despite not having a reservation with you. Since there were only two of us, your staff was able to provide a table in less than 5 minutes because the reservation was really late or did not show up.  The French Onion soup was definitely one of the best versions I had in a long time. The cheese was really good, and the flavor of the broth along with the nice bags of French bread was excellent. The French Bread had a nice crispiness on the outside and a great chewiness on the inside. The Duck Leg Confit was a really tender and tasty dish, loved the juiciness, and the garnishes such as the mushrooms gave it a good flavor. The Glazed Pork Tenderloin had an interesting blend of sweetness and a good savory flavor.  Your interior has a nice sophistication and vibe that definitely makes this place a nice place to eat at. You may not be the most comfortable, but you can find a way to relax a little for the people who come here. Although eating with you is definitely not cheap, but you're definitely not too expensive, and I kind of like that. You're also not very difficult to find in a city like New York but you're pretty unique as well.   Overall, I really hope to see you again, and eat some more of your delicious dishes in this great setting. You have not disappointed me yet.  Cordialement, A guy who really loves some of the best of New York.	1
Looked on yelp for anniversary restaurants and this was a top result for the west village. It did not disappoint. My girlfriend and I came here for our 3 year celebration. While not the fanciest place, it had dim lighting and a single candle on the table to set the mood.  We started with the goat cheese ball and escargot. The cheese ball was out of this world. Coated with honey and served on caramelized sweet onions, it was a perfect combo of creamy and sweet.  For the main I got the duck and, I've had great duck in my day, but the skin melts in your mouth and the flavor of the meat was on point. My lady got the pork which unfortunately was a little dry but the seasoning was savory and delicious.  I can definitely see us returning and we will both probably be getting the duck next time.	1
what a sensual and lovely place! solid chacuteries, solid wine (man how i want to try ALL  the options, which will probably cost me two years and multiple livers!) I'm usually not impressed by food at wine bars, but Amelie is evidemment super!  Est plus, merci beaucoup Benjamin, notre serveur de la nuit, pour excellent service. j'amie parlent de la France avec lui :)	1
Food was super delicious and the service was excellent.  The place is sort of small and can easily be overlooked but definitely worth stopping in for!  We ordered the escargot, dates and duck - I would do it all over again and maybe even throw in some goat cheese balls!	1
Amélie has become my go-to if I want to meet up with friends to catch up over wine &amp; snacks.  The food alone gets 3/3.5-ish stars. On the other hand, the ambiance &amp; wine selection are above average. It strikes a nice balance between bustling &amp; cozy / trendy &amp; homey.  It's not a place I would come for dinner only. It's a place I come if friends want to meet up on the fly, maybe someone is hungry, but maybe not. Maybe we will get a couple of small plates to split. Maybe (Probably... Definitely) we will just order a bottle of wine &amp; gab till we no longer make sense.  Ask for wine recommendations based on taste &amp; budget, the servers typically make good suggestions. As for food, I like the beet salad &amp; the goat cheese ball. Some variety of a cheese plate &amp; the chicken liver mousse are also nice with wine.  Enjoy!	1
I never thought I would find a funkadelic French Bistro, but alas I find myself saying I wish there were more funkadelic French Bistros in the world especially in Denver.   French food is always our go to cuisine for a great meal and Amelie hit the spot perfectly. Amelie offers classic French food with a modern atmosphere and 70's music filling the space.  Throughout the meal I found myself singing along with the music and doing my very best Donna Summer impression. HH is definitely where to start at Amelie.  HH is served in the entire dining room and worth a look before ordering off the main menu.  Everything sounds delectable and we wanted to taste a little bit of everything so we ordered more appetizers and shared an entrée. Bruschetta - Goat cheese and roasted red peppers (from HH menu) Mussels with white wine and butter Escargot in garlic butter (from HH menu) Duck Confit with fingerling potatoes and mushrooms Basket of French bread  Wine Flights (from HH menu) The Bruschetta was forgettable and if dining at Amelie again I would forgo the Bruschetta and have two orders of the Escargot.  The Escargot were buttery garlic flavor bombs served piping hot.  The crusty French bread was needed so I could soak every last drop of garlic butter and savor my love of butter.  The Mussels were prepared with white wine, fennel, and garlic and were as addictive as ever.  We were served a heaping pile of Mussels (more than enough for two) that were plump and delicious and disappeared as quickly as they arrived.   The Duck Confit was a show stopper.  Everything on the plate was divine, from the crispy duck skin (AKA - Crack), the bite size fingerling potatoes, and the earthy mushrooms.  I could have easily licked the plate clean but opted to be a lady instead.  Next time I'll be licking the plate, so when you see someone picking up a plate and licking every last morsel of tasty goodness you'll know it's me (come say hi). Amelie has a modern French romance vibe and is a wonderful dining destination for couples.  The front of the restaurant can be lively and loud so I would request a seat in the back for a more intimate dining experience.  Reservations are recommended if not required if you want to be seated for dinner.  From the atmosphere to the food this funkadelic French Bistro is deliciously trendy and only becomes more mouthwatering as Donna Summer plays in the background... Last dance Last chance for love Yes, it's my last chance For romance tonight I need you by me Beside me, to guide me To hold me, to scold me 'Cause when I'm bad I'm so, so bad So let's dance the last dance Let's dance the last dance Let's dance this last dance tonight	1
Ah Amelie... I fell in love with this place on my first visit, and I only had the wine flight that time! I've been meaning to come back and it's taken me over a year to do so, but it did not disappoint! The service is still wonderful, and I love everyone's French accents. My friend and I each ordered the wine flight, along with escargot, a flatbread, and a cheese and charcuterie plate. I was super impressed when the server remembered every single item without writing anything down. Wine is excellent, and the list is extensive. Food - so amazing. I can't wait to come back and try everything else. The only wrinkle in the evening was when it took 3 tries for the server to give us the correct check. But we were so satisfied with the food, wine, and atmosphere that we didn't care.  I would recommend making reservations because it fills up fast. Perfect spot for drinks with friends or for date night!	1
Bread is made better with cheese and cheese is made better with wine. If you believe this, then Amélie is where you want to be. The seemingly endless bag of crunchy French bread comes first, but it's incomplete without a cheese plate. I liked the Havarti-style Timberdoodle, the slightly piquant Manchego and the creamy Camembert. I'm not into blue, but Amélie does offer a Bleu d'Auvergne, a Roquefort and others to complete your plate. The plate includes accompaniments - like dried fruit, candied nuts and grapes - but I only really needed the honey; when combined with the bread and cheese, the resulting bite is sweet, sharp, crunchy and creamy all at once. Don't get too far without ordering a wine, either. During happy hour (4-7), Amélie offers custom wine flights in smaller sizes that are ideal for those who want to try something new. The wine selection is extensive (though that's to be expected at a wine bar), and the servers have great recommendations based on your tastes and food pairings. If you like white wine, make sure a glass of the Sancerre finds its way to your table.	1
Great for date night!!!!! Love the wine bar setting here, and enjoy the atmosphere so much.  My boyfriend and I came here for dinner and wine.  The food is not extremely delicious, but the wine selection is great.	1
Simply put, it is the best place for a night out after work, or a date night with the SO.  Amèlie simply tops the list for anything you might want to look for in a favorite wine bar.  If you know of any that's better, drop me a line, b/c i haven't found one yet! I've been there several times, when I venture into the Village.  It is sleek, modern, chic, with an interesting French twist and mostly importantly, very homely. Happier Hour (5-7pm) is the catchphrase for all things wine here during happy hour. For $10, you choose from a flight of three generous wine pours and a complimentary sack of bread to start you off (if you order food). $6 by the glass. Quite affordable while being high quality. Two factors that are difficult to achieve in NYC, and for that matter, West Village.  If dining here isn't your thing or you have plans elsewhere, nobody will judge, the staff are perfectly cool with any direction you go You're treated with as much care if you were there for five minutes or five hours. They will still gladly fill you up with yummy French bread until you explode. What goes well with the sacks and sacks of bread, you ask?  Anything... from the wine, escargot, fromage, charcuterie, mussels, soups, salads. I've tried them all and you really can't go wrong. Alas we have but one stomach to enjoy this wonderful bounty... I will return any chance I get when my plans take me to the Village.	1
Great place, very French. Excellent choice of wines. At the bar, take a plate of cheese and saussages with some wine, excellent! The barmen are French, funny, and efficient.  A very good place.	1
Great spot for brunch. The menu is fairly diverse, offering traditional brunch dishes, brunch dishes with a bit of a French twist, unique salads, French appetizers, and even the option of a burger. All entrees are very fairly priced ($10-$15) so it's easy for a big group with differing tastes. The restaurant was also fairly quiet, so it was very easy to have conversation.  I ordered the Salade Perigord, which is a savory, yet not heavy salad and definitely recommend! There were 4 thin strips of smoked duck breast, which were packed with flavor, dashed with plenty of sauteed mushrooms and fingerling potatoes among a bed of veggies. I saved my favorite part of this dish for last - the foie gras toast. It was a nice, rich cap to the otherwise light salad.  I have been blown away by the service here each time I've come. They are always very accommodating, attentive, and friendly - and most importantly reassuring that there was no rush, which can be very rare to find in Manhattan.  Great food, service, and space in a very welcoming environment. I will definitely keep coming back!	1
This place is pretty good! It's right next to my fitness studio, 305 Fitness, and I would come to Amelie for happy hour sometimes after my workout. They have a happy hour special where you can get any 3 glasses of wine for $12 from 5pm-7pm. Their small eats, such as the goat cheese balls are really good too.  The staff there is pretty friendly as well. The first time I went, I wasn't sure which wines I wanted and the waiter was more than willing to consult with me. The ones my waiter recommended were really good and very fitting for my taste.	1
Man oh man. This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in New York! Quintessential Manhattan- crowded and classy - but intimate at the same time. We were craving some French food, as we hadn't really found a place in the city that catered to our French-leaning palette since moving here. And wow, Amelie did NOT disappoint! We made an early reservation for a Saturday night, but upon walking in, it's like it was 9pm - it was already getting crowded (which is the sign of a great restaurant!). The gentleman who sat us (may have been the owner, but could have also just been a host), welcomed us like he wanted to give us a hug! So, immediate good vibes. Plus, the atmosphere is perfect. Dimly-lit red sets the mood, and I loved the art and mirrors surrounding us. Our waiter (I wish we knew his name) was so friendly - he seemed like he genuinely loved being there (I would be too, if I got to serve this French food all night!). He (and the rest of the staff) are all French so that definitely adds to the charm and authenticity of the place. We started off with some delicious cocktails, which were quite strong. We shared the steak tartare and goat cheese ball to start, which I definitely recommend because they are perfect contrasting dishes to start with. One of the best steak tartare's I've had yet. Very very flavorful, like each bite I uncovered a new spice or something. The goat cheese ball is just as it sounds - it melts in your mouth and pops with cheese goodness. I wanted more! Since the appetizers were quite filling, we shared the duck confit entrée and a bowl of onion soup (it's not really French onion soup if you're in a French restaurant, right? Just onion soup? Humor me!). As you can imagine, the duck confit is super rich and decadent. The duck was perfectly prepared, the meat was so succulent and tender. And confit is always a great way to serve a meat like duck. IT was served over little potatoes and some greens. YUM! Add our bottle of cabernet sauvignon to it all, and we had quite the meal. I couldn't stop raving all night about this place. And lastly, it wouldn't be a great French meal without a dessert! We got the chocolate fondant lava cake. Literally overflowing with chocolate, I don't think my taste buds could handle it anymore - it was that melt-in-your-mouth delicious. And with that, our wonderful evening of French deliciousness came to an end. And I want to immediately go back.	1
REALLY good food.  The decor seems a little out dated because all the light fixtures have pokeballs on them.  but the food does impress.  i recommend going for a bunch of appetizers and sharing rather than the main courses... because the appetizers are a decent size. but its really up to you. i'm asian so family style = happy style in my book. the servers are hot too-- its a good place for girls' night out.	1
Amazing food &amp; wine &amp; service!! Came here on a busy Sat night with a date reservation was promptly seated and served. We shared the salmon (very tender, fresh) , foie gras (melted in your mouth , went well with the pear slices) , beef tartar (well-seasoned and garnished with salad), and beet salad (very fresh and well made). Cosy warm intimate setting. I do think in terms of comfort space the tables could be spaced out a bit but still 5 stars for delicious food ambiance service overall.	1
Oui j'adore la cuisine française! What a lovely French restaurant! We went on a double date here (note the many entrées in the photos) for lunch during the weekend. I was pleasantly surprised they had tables open and we were seated immediately....I find that French food is in high demand in Manhattan and usually requires reservations. By the by, the service was friendly and prompt. I was in the mood for moules frites and I was not disappointed....absolutely delicious. My husband had the duck confit...which is what I'll be ordering the next time we come here (rather than nibbling off his plate).	1
A great spot to rekindle a friendship or a romance. The wine selection is commendable, and the waiters are not hesitant to offer suggestions. I paired my trusty cabernet with savory plates including the foie gras (noticing a pattern here?), salmon tartare (yes, i know, a small travesty considering I was having glasses of red- but it wasn't too awful on the palate), and the filet mignon (standard, but done well).	1
Went here with my family on a Saturday night, and had a wonderful experience. We started out with the platter with a choice of three cheeses or meats for $18. We got one cow cheese, one goat cheese, and prosciutto. We went with the cheeses that were the waiter's recommendations because we had no idea which ones were best. The platter was great. It came with various jams, honey, walnuts, grapes, etc. Everyone in my family greatly enjoyed their entrees. I had the ravioli, which was delicious. When it first came, I was thinking that it looked really small. But it was so rich that it was very filling. The waiters were all very friendly and would chat with us when they stopped by our table. The only thing is that there were very few of them. So, they all had to wait on a lot of tables, which led to some delays (such as when we needed more bread for our cheese).  Overall, I had a wonderful experience here and would highly recommend it to anyone for a family dinner, date, or nice girls night.	1
I am a French girl and I realized that French cooking is often bad-treated in the world and when it is weel-cooked, the bill tends to be so expensive quickly! Here in Amelie, only good points to give! - the atmosphere and design of the place - Huge choice of wine by glass or bottles - Advice of guys to choose the good one - Cheese plates to choose yourself - typically french dishes : snails, goat cheese ball, "tartare" - free wifi -  well-picked music It was recommended too for sunday brunch !!! For me it was like a French restaurant managed by French neighbours in the heart of Manahattan!! Thanks dear Amelie !	1
This is absolutely one of my favorite places in the west village. I've been to Amelie three times; i usually like to share my reviews after i have visited a place i like more than once, just for a more accurate judgment. This charming and super lively wine bar keeps me wanting more of not just the wine but all its charm. I keep hearing about their amazing happy hour but I was never early enough to make it :(. When you enter through the doors of Amelie, well if you can manage to squirm your way through the door because it gets mighty crowded; you then squirm your way to find the host, not because they are incompetent in doing their job but because they might not see you through the many bodies blocking their view. Once host is located your name is written down if you would like a table,  surprisingly every time I've been there i have managed to get a table fairly quickly, then you can have a drink standing while u wait. This place is not very big and owing to overcrowding it can be a bit awkward trying to sip your medium bodied pinot noir, while being bumped by the wait staff or the other bodies hanging around.  The staff is extraordinary, namely Jacque; i believe they are all French speaking...Awww the language of love : ). Despite the fact that this place gets packed, the service is exceptional,  you feel catered to; the staff is super attentive and gives great recommendations based on their vast knowledge of wine and the perfect pairings. Once Jacque put me on the waiting list for a table for four, after which I went outside waiting for my friends;  he called when the table was ready but they were still not there yet so i lost the table and it wud take me a long time to get another. I went back in and told him what had happened, he poured me some champaign (on the house) told me to wait a bit and he found me another table pretty quickly when my friends arrived!!! Trust me there is a reason this place gets crowded! The food is really good to go with the exception selections in wine.  I have tried the escargot, the duck, the salmon,  the cured meats; all really good. It gets a bit louder than most wine bars which is to be expected from the heavy traffic they get.  You will absolutely love this place if you like good wine and like being catered to. Good to make it to halt hour some day.	1
Brought my girlfriend here for our one year anniversary and we couldn't have been happier. This place is great for date night or friendly get-togethers. The noise level is definitely above average but what do you expect, you're at wine bar!  The food was phenomenal, we had the charcuterie, escargot (recommended by almost everyone on yelp), and trout.  Service was a tad on the slower side but the house was packed! That is definitely understandable.	1
Been wanting to try this place for a while. I've heard a lot of good things of this place.  It was my bday and my friend had suggested we go here. We had ordered about 2 appetizers and each an appetizer. We also got 2 glasses of wine that we asked for recommendations on. Mine was spot on, but my friend found hers to be too sour. Surprisingly enough they actually changed it for her, which was super nice.  You get an endless bag of bread to eat with your meal. I had gotten the duck and my friend got the porkchop. Both really good. Overall, really good meal. Downside is that we ended up spending a lot.	1
It's intimate. Like, really really intimate. Like, the people at the table next to us were practically on my lap. Did i enjoy hearing their conversations, not particularly....but welcome to NYC. That being said, the food is good. The ravioli dish is a little small, so i would recommend not getting that if you want to satiate your appetite. I got the mussels and pomme frites which were quite appetizing. We also ordered the Steak Tartare (thanks yelpers) which was DELICIOUS. However, it is a little spicy (which they don't tell you on the menu), so those sensitive palette peeps, keep that in mind! Previously, I got the filet mignon, which honestly, I can't remember very well. Which to me means, it's good but not mind-blowing (but definitely not bad.) If i was in the mood for the duck, I probably would get that, solely because many of you have recommended it. Overall, it's a great W. Village hang out, and would recommend coming here with a bunch of your amigos and amigas if you're willing to tighten up with your neighbors,.	1
Waiters/bartenders were super friendly and fun. Service, food, and wine were all on par.  Happy hour was 5-7pm I believe. We got groupings of wine for $12 each (3 wine glasses per grouping, 1 grouping per person). You can choose a pre-made group of wine pairings, or you can make your own and request as you wish. Definitely want to go back for happy hour again.	1
Neat place for with a meal. The atmosphere is very laid back but not so noisy that you can't have a decent conversation with friends. The space for this place is not particular big, there's ample seating if you have a party 4 and under. However large parties (over 8) should definitely make reservations. We had reservation here early on a Friday night and were quickly seated. However the place was packed by the time we were done (~9pm) We made it in time for happy hour and had a good selection of wine and apps. For $12, you can sample 3 glasses of preselected wines. The food was phenomenon. The dishes worth mentioning are the escargot, the goat cheese balls, and the desserts. Service was a bit spotty as we had to ask several times for water refills but that's expected on a busy Friday night. Overall a great experience.	1
This place is amazing!! Love, love, loved my dinner here! We came in on a Sunday evening at 7PM and the place was bustling, but not overly loud or crowded. We started with a flight of wine and were able to get the happy hour special even though we arrived a few minutes past 7pm (love that they did this for us).  We ordered a mix of 3 cheeses, the bacon wrapped dates, the goat cheese ball, and the truffle salad. Each dish was better than the last, and I cannot wait to return here every time I visit New York.  YUM!	1
Awesome spot to meet with your coworkers for some food and wine.  They have an authentic French menu (think duck confit, escargot, cheeses and meats).  Its a bit crowded towards the earlier evening hours it seems but its a classy and intimate place in my opinion.  I would recommend a nice glass of red bordeaux and get the cheese and charcuterie plate.  THey also have a flight of 3 wines for $12.	1
Simply my girl friend and I were craving some delicious French food, I'm too embarrassed to admit how long it's been since I had any. Busted out yelp and figured here or Jules Bistro, we had a birthday to attend at Vol de Nuit so this made more sense. We stopped in around 7:30 on a Saturday night without having to wait at all (unheard of). It was packed but mainly a bar crowd and tables were clearing. The decor reminded Jenn of when she went to France, it resembled a French disco in a bistro. I personally felt like I was in a funky spaceship by the lighting and shapes of the table. Lighting was awful so- no group photos. I'm petite so was able to sit comfortably she is a bit taller than me and had people sit behind her resulting in her to sit on a angle and worry about food dropping in her lap after every bite (-1 star). However I'm not here to judge that.. I'm all about the food and service. So we stuck to apps, didn't want to fill up because we knew we were drinking at the party. We started with each a glass of the French Malbec ($9) very smooth finish, slight sweetness to it and it left no coating on your tongue. I was craving escargot ($9), not over powerful with the garlic and parsley but I wasn't kissing anyone that night. Jenn wasn't in the mood for it but after 1 realized she will cave and have another 2 more. We shared the foie gras with the pear ($14-$16). That was rich and blew my mind. Yes it is "gamey - gritty" but it's what to expect. The pairing with the pear and frisée lightened the blow made it sweet and cleaned your palate as if it was never consumed. We wanted to cover our bases, meat base and fish. We ended with the salmon tartare ($14-16). I liked the mango and avocado in it. We were expecting more kick to it. Maybe it's because I'm biased and prefer tuna tartare. Lastly, my friends will attest I'm not a dessert person, I know that's crazy. I was debating with the waiter to bring an extra spoon. Fruit is dessert for me. Jenn ordered the banana creme brûlée ($7)Simply dope. The glazed sugar on top and the cold creme underneath with the touch of banana was perfect, rich but not too heavy.  Total after tax and tip was about $83 We were served by Benjamin but the host assisted as well. The place was operated by 2 waiters, bus boy and bartender. They held it down. Everything was on point, attentive with the water, bread and even chatted with us and made it humorous. We didn't feel rushed or as if we were waiting long for the food. I recommended it to friends, overall a great experience, I want to try an entree next time.	1
They serve a lot of their dinner appetizers during lunch so we opted to try the Warm Pistachio Crusted Goat Cheese Ball with honey, caramelized onions and toasts ($7.00). This was so good! The goat cheese was perfect to spread on the toast with some onions. The sweet taste of the red wine onions contrasted with the tartness of the goat cheese very well. We opted to split two mains. I started with the Smoked Salmon and Arugula Salad with cherry tomatoes, cucumber, avocado and leeks tossed in a mustard vinaigrette ($12.00). The smoked salmon was fresh and the salad was packed with veggies. I liked the mustard vinaigrette because it was very light but packed with flavor. The Boyfriend started with the Amelie Burger on brioche bun with tomato, sweet onion, lettuce and French fries. We opted to add gruyere cheese for an extra $1. I really liked the burger - it was filling and cooked to our desired taste. It was packed with veggies and cheese! The french fries were also quite good - I liked that it was thin and crunchy! We didn't stay for dessert since we were both stuffed from the burger and salad. But I can't wait to be back to try the Happy Hour specials! I really enjoyed the food - but I loved the service even more. We walked in with iced lattes from Stumptown down the block and our waiter didn't require us to throw them out or finish them outside. He even offered to move our coffee to maison jars so that we could keep them and drink them inside the restaurant. That's what I call great service!!	1
Love love love the service.  I made reservations for 12 in this cute classy restaurant. The French waiters were a delight, treating me like a princess all night and singing happy birthday in a belching, beautiful French voice. The place was packed even just a few minutes after Happy Hour was over. Though not everyone had arrived, the host was so kind to seat us and let us sit down to order. I had of course a glass of sauvignon blanc to start with. We then ordered some mixed plate of cold cuts and I a classic French onion soup. Brothy, perfectly melted cheese with a good balance of soup and not too much bread inside. The whole table gets a sack of bread that comes with things that rattle on the bottom (touch, and they will tell you not to!).  For the main course, most of us got the duck confit which consists of a large duck leg that was cooked crispily served on top of sliced fingerling potatoes, sauteed onions, frisee salad, and mushrooms.  I was pretty satisfied with this dish though it didn't seem filling in the beginning.  For me, I would come back just for the service and the appetizers along. I hear the happy hour with the $10 wine flight is wonderful too!	1
Amazing experience. Attentive and knowledgeable service. I ordered a cheese and meat board. Unbelievably fresh and tasty. Also ordered a malbec and an esspresso. The wine was reasonably priced and fresh. The esspresso was made fresh when I ordered it. I will return here next time I am in town and would recommend this place to anyone.	1
The day was a little rushed, since we had only so few days in the city yet I wanted to do/eat so much. Even though we had just gotten done with brunch (unlimited mimosas) at 2pm with some friends who came to meet us from Jersey, we decided to check this place out anyway. We made an early reservation (5:30pm) since we also had a reservation at Terra Blues at 7:30pm to see/listen to Jesse Carolina and the Hot Mess (MUST SEE!!!) We were welcomed and seated promptly as we walked in, it was pretty empty, but nice and relaxing.  We ordered a bottle of the French Malbec, which we loved. We typically drink Argentinean malbecs since they're more common (at least in Buffalo, where we live), so it was very nice to try one from France and expand our palate. Oh, and you can get any wine they sell by the glass, which is something that I don't see very often! Unfortunately, we were still STUFFED from brunch, so after looking the menu over and over again, we only ordered a french onion soup and the pistachio crusted goat cheese ball appetizer to start. The soup was just ok, but the cheese balls were AMAZE-balls. They came with these caramelized sweet onions and it was just scrumptious.  The server(s) were extremely patient and did not rush us at all, even as the restaurant started to fill up. I felt really bad because I wanted to order so many things from the menu but we just simply could not eat anymore. The cheese balls were so good that I almost ordered a second serving, but we decided to check out their charcuterie and cheese board instead. The smoked duck and humble pie were our favorites, though some of the other cheeses were just as delicious (I just can't remember the names). The various jams/fruits/nuts and the mustard complemented the meats/cheeses very well. For as full as I already was, I definitely enjoyed the wonderful (and endless) freshly toasted bags of bread (french baguette).  All in all, we thought the service, food and the wine were all impeccable and we really enjoyed ourselves. Just make sure you make a reservation as it does get quite busy on the weekends! I do look forward to going back to Amelie the next time I'm in the city!	1
The ambience, service, food, and wine selection of Amélie are top-notch. Made a 9pm reservation for 3 people. They didn't have a table for us when we got there, but the staff made up for this by giving us each a flute of champagne. (I think we got the better end of the deal!) Once seated, my friends and I decided to share a cheese plate, along with a bottle of wine. The cheese plate came with three different types of cheese, honey, jam, grapes, and delicious bread. As soon as we went through the first basket, the waiter brought out a second. After the cheese, I ordered the salad Amélie, and another friend had the octopus salad. Both were delicious. Also, the wine was delicious! We shared a delicious bottle of cabernet-sauvignon. It disappeared all-to-quickly.  I wouldn't recommend coming here with any more than a group of 4. It's a very intimate setting. Everything is in tones of red, with romantic mood lighting.  Finally, the waiter brought the bill in tucked into a French novel. Was a cute way to add to the ambiance. Can't wait to go back!	1
Took my gf for brunch today. Cozy little place excellent wine selection. The mussels are amazing we had banana creme brûlée for dessert and its to was amazing.	1
Décor was cozy, the space was limited but well arranged. We had the escargot and steamed mussels for appetizer, both were solid. For entrées, I had the duck leg confit and my husband had trout. I practically licked my plate because it was delicious! Loved the sauce and the meat fell right off the bones. My husband at first was turned off by the trout, because it was a whole fish, then we realized they already took the bones out. I mean even if the fish weren't yummy, I'd still give them props for taking the bones out, then putting back the whole fish. However, not only they did all those work, the actual fish was perfectly cooked, moist and flavorful.  Another plus, even though the place was packed, the service wasn't lacking. Our waiter made every attempt to stop by and ask if we needed anything. I like it! Definitely will be back for more, or try the happy hour!	1
Great great great experience. The filet mignon was the best cut of meat I've ever had, ever. And that is including some of the best steak houses in the city.  The sauce + the flavor and texture of the meat + a sip of the red wine= taste bud explosion The bread was perfect: doughy on the inside with the right amount of crisp on the crust.  The owner was so friendly and just great at dealing with people, all of the waiters were incredibly pleasant, and the ambiance was great. Also, the escargot was covered in a thick and very fresh green sauce.  It may not be for everyone but i thought it was such a great take on the classic, which also felt lighter.  Would return in a heartbeat	1
BEST RESTAURANT EVER!!  I want to come here tomorrow, and the day after, and the day after and the day after.... Well, you get the point. My friends and I were in New York for one night and were walking around the next day before leaving to go back home when we decided to look for a nice place to eat before leaving. We found a few places but Amelie stood out because of the name. We fell in love with the waiter(not sure what his name was because he never told us) as soon as he greeted us in French. He was polite and friendly and super cute (wink wink). We ordered the pistachio goat cheese ball as an appetizer, and let me tell you this: I HATE goat cheese! Every other time I've tried it I just hated it, but to my surprise I loved this dish. It came with French bread (the next best thing to a French baguette) and some caramelized onions and it was just the most delicious thing ever.  My friend ordered the Merguez Sandwich with fries and she loved it so much! Their fries are so amazingly delicious it's hard to even describe them. It's just unlike any other fries I've had before. One of us had the French onion soup and that was just so delicious and authentic! I had the Croque Madame and that is something I probably would never order because I had no idea what it was, but the waiter was so good at explaining it to me that I ended up ordering it and was glad I did because it was so good! We also had some French martinis and those were super good and very feminine in taste. All in all, Amelie is just a super cute little place that you probably wouldn't think much of if you just walked by but once you go in and taste the food you can't help but just fall in love with the place. Can't wait to come back to NYC and eat there again!	1
Wine and cheese were very good and the personel were geniously friendly. The tables were a little bit to close to each other and so the noise level was a bit more than I expected.	1
We really enjoyed Amélie. The food was amazing, the server was really helpful and helped us choose a wine that we loved. The bread is reaaaally good - and this is coming from a French person. I would definitely recommend it.	1
Phenomenal place to enjoy some good quality wine. First time here was absolutely amazing. We each had a wine flight , we created our own and tried one of the menu cleverly named after the owner and staff. I ordered the steak tartare and the mussels , both were divine. I'm partial to montepulciano but after having is amazing Cabernet recommended by Jacques it has become my new favorite. The atmosphere is very romantic and definitely a spot everyone must try. Even if you arent an avid wine drinker, the food is delicious. Go , because you and your taste buds will not regret it! I for sure will certainly  be back. Expérience Incroyable!	1
Wine is amazing here! The staff is so friendly.  The beef tartar was good as well as the goat cheese ball.  The check was given with this cute little French book.  Tables are really close together though.	1
I've only been here once, yet I call it one of my favorites. The first and only time was around 10pm on a weekday, and their happy hour did not disappoint! What does disappoint is that I've found it kind of difficult to go back - because there are never any day-of reservations available (I'm not much of a planner...) and/or the wait times are too long. I'll keep trying though. The moules frites and the generous pours of malbec were enough to bring this restaurant to the top of my list.	1
What a cute little spot! My girlfriend and I just spent almost 4 hours here wining and dining during their amazing happy hour. 3 wine flights for $10, whattt -- and such generous pours! We ended up splitting 9 flights altogether of various reds and whites, with our waiter's recommendations. Our favorite was definitely the riesling -- soo sweet and smooth! We also ordered; flatbread topped with portabella mushrooms, arugula, caramelized onions, roasted tomatoes and shaved parasan -- fantastic! the bread was cracker thin though so it was all falling apart but the contrasting flavor combination was incredible; salmon tartare with cornichon, caper berries, scallions, dill, black sesame oil, lemon zest cherry tomato -- this was okay. I didn't like the tartness of the cornichon, but the sesame and scallions worked well. I now know I much prefer salmon tartare at japanese restaurants! burgundy escargots gratinee, garlic parsley bread butter -- wow, just wow. so flavorful, rich and buttery, but absolutely amazing; cheese plate! -- humble pie, garrotxa and brillat savarin -- all three were wonderful! My favorite was definitely the brillat savarin -- I love brie! The cheese plate came with wonderful accompaniments of grapes, honey, marmalade, walnuts and figs, mmmm. We also went through three(yes, THREE) sacks of their amazing crispy bread! Goodness, I couldn't stop eating . All 3 sacks came out warm and toasty -- had to sop up the bread crumbs from the escargot dish :) Will definitely be back for their happy hour and to try more of the menu!	1
Cute spot for happy hour with the girls! Came here for birthday celebrations after drunk painting with the girlfriends (you know what it isss), and thoroughly enjoyed our time. Please keep in mind that there are only two apps in the HH menu; we got to try the escargots and the pistachio crusted goat cheese balls = HEAVENLY. You pretty much cannot go wrong with escargot gettin some garlic butta love and balls of warm cheese. I particularly enjoyed the bacon wrapped dates stuffed with blue cheese. Make sure you get an order of this for yoself. DO NOT SHARE. Just kidding. (not really) One thing I will never order again is the chicken liver mousse... It had a very odd, uninviting, floral taste to it. My tongue was confused, to say the least. Loved how the servers kept refilling our bread basket! Thank you for understanding our need/love for carb loading. Also, not sure if the server messed up our bill but we were not charged the HH prices for our wine. Maybe we didn't order off the correct menu? Sadness.	1
I can't believe I forgot about this.  The first time I went here was actually last year on a date.  I remember the food &amp; wine being incredible &amp; the servers being super sweet, yet somehow I forgot about this place.  I thought it was in some far off place until I left work one day &amp; about 5 minutes later recognized the awning. That was a great day.   I went back recently to discover they have an amazing happy hour from 4-7 everyday.  Wine flights are $12 for ANY wine by the glass, also crostinis are $3, &amp; the escargot is $6.  Also if you are looking for a full pour they have a nice selection of hh wines for $6.  My favorite wine thus far is a red wine from Mallorca - so good &amp; paired w/cheese &amp; escargot even better.  The happy hour gets pretty crowded &amp; despite the crowds, each server &amp; the bartenders had such great attitudes.  The fact that this place is so close to my office is a bit dangerous, I will definitely be here a lot more.	1
Great spot. The restaurant is small. but filled with great ambiance. If you are a wine drinker this is the spot for you. They play old school  70's music mixed with french and top 40. They have a huge selection of wines. For Happy Hour they have wine flights for 7.00 where they give you three different wines. They offer the option at night for $16.00. I tried it and loved every wine they gave me to try.  The menu is pretty classic french. Lots of baguettes, cheese, and classic entree items. The goat cheese ball and chicken mousse are a must!  Great service, great food, and great spot! I would definitley reccmend.	1
Great spot if you can make it in time for happy hour.   $6 glasses of very respectable wine and generous flights for $12.  I recommend the flights and then grabbing a glass at five to 7pm and taking it to a table for dinner.  That's how I roll. Seats at the bar during happy hour are in high demand but if you can grab one, you've set yourself up nicely.  The bartenders are friendly and attentive.  This place gets a pretty good looking crowd to boot.  Loud and lively, Amelie is a good first date spot...or 3rd date or 100th.  Guaranteed to please the lady friend or boy toy.   While enjoying happy hour at the bar we started with the warm pistachio crusted goat cheese and the escargot.  The snails were pretty standard and satisfying but the warm goat cheese is a must order.  So complex for a simple cheese dish, it was sweet, salty and nutty all at the same time.  The onion jam accoutrement was the highlight for me and really made the dish.  Bravo to the chef for turning chevre into something so marvelous.   I guess we were both in a tartare mood because I ordered the steak tartare and my lady had the salmon.  We were both plenty happy with our dish.   The decor here is a little too modern for my taste but I can get over that with everything else this place has going on.  Definite fan.	1
I chose this spot at random to meet up with friends during happy hour.  This place didn't disappoint at all. Atmosphere: very modern and stylish, yuppie clientele, but super crowded and slightly noisy. Service: very courteous and attentive, even at the crazy happy hour pace. One gent (could be the owner) went out of his way to find seats for my friends and I, though out entire group had not arrived.  And our bartender was quite pleasant, with an endearing sense of humor. Food/ drink: completely awesome. I had the goat cheese ball with toast, which makes for an amazing appetizer. It is a perfect balance of creamy, sweet and savoury.  It goes well with the flight special, which for $12, you get a trio of assorted wines (by the glass).  I had the Joan, which is one white, one sparkling rose, and one red.  They were decent in taste, but you're not going to get really tipsy. For dessert, I had the creme brulee, which was magnifique...the custard was perfect in texture, smooth to the taste, and not eggy in the least.   Also-the caramel topping was fun to crack. I'd probably return here on a less busy occasion, but considering the quality of the service and fare, I'm sure Amelie will never have a slow day.	1
Found out about this place through yelp and was atracted by the great reviews. This place is exactly what we were looking for to celebrate our 13th anniversary. The food was really good and even thoughvit was crowded the service was prompt and attentive to our needs. We ordered the Octopus salad and the goat cheese platter for apps and we had the Salmon and the vegetarian ravioli for main course. The wine selection was great as well. I went right for the chilean wine.	1
Was in the hood looking for coffee but ending up coming in here for some wine instead.  Very friendly and knowledgable staff and really enjoyed my wine they recommended.  They're very French in a good way.  Would definitely come back and like to try the food here.	1
Once again the spot was loaded. Wine was pouring out generously. People were having fun. Servers were fun as usual. Bartender was extremely generous on wine. Bread popped up in a small satchel. Wine dine lose urself kinda stuff lights were dimmed. Ladies were just taking pics. Some extreme poses. Some too funny and some too drunk but all pics made sense since it was halloween. Now 5 stars !!!!	1
Came back again and tried their steak tartare and flatbread this time - the tartare was excellent! It was a bit crowded and busy, but then again, welcome to NYC.	1
Had a short business lunch here last week. Really enjoyed the food (roasted beet salad, duck confit) and the service was attentive and pleasant.  No complaints at all.  Will definitely go back and will recommend to friends.	1
We were looking for someplace to go in advance of a show at the Blue Note, and found Amelie on Yelp.  It wasn't quite what I expected at first - very crowded and VERY loud.  The scene and the staff were young, so I immediately lowered my expectations, but then we were pleasantly surprised - the food was quite inspired and executed perfectly.  We savored every bite.  The service was impressive and seemingly effortless.  Despite the noise level, we had an incredibly relaxed, leisurely meal, even lingering over espresso and creme brulee.   Amelie was quite a find.	1
Because I got a seat at the bar when it was packed. Because the bartender gave the right amount of French and American service. Because the glass of $15 wine was awesome (and that was before I realized they had a wine flight for $12 during happy hour 'til 7pm!) Because they serve warm baguette slices in a standup burlap bag. Because not only were the three cheeses the bartender recommended super tasty and well presented, but so was the homemade pear jam (although maybe it resembled baby food.) Because I love to hear French spoken with a little Franglais mixed in. Because the crowd was diverse in the best possible way. And finally, because it turns out I lived next door to the owners good friends back in San Francisco, small world. That's why they get 5 stars. Amelie = Love.	1
Excellent food and service. .I would definitively return.I went there by myself ans was treated with the same attention as the party of 6 that was seated next to me.I ordered the salmon that was cooked to perfection and my lovely waiter suggested a nice pairing.. The music was perfect and suited my nostalgic mood.. Great wine bar but do make a reservation for they got packed very fast..	1
I had such a memorable experience here! So our night here began when we witnessed something very surprising happen in the restaurant (but I won't disclose that here). But, to make up for this, the waiter gave us two free glasses of delicious champagne and we got to meet two other delightful patrons. After that, we were seated and were overwhelmed by all the delicious choices on the menu. We decided to go with chacuterie, escargo, salad, and truffle fries. Oh my goodness. Everything was so amazing. I'm not sure which meats/cheeses we had because we just asked the waiter to give us his favorite pairings but I do remember the duck breast (you must try it!!). All of the cheeses and meats as well as the condiments were amazing! The wine was great too. My friend wasn't too big of a fan of the escargo but the truffle fries made up for it :) Ambience/Service: Service was amazing! All of the waiters there are so friendly, happy, and helpful! We truly had a delightful experience -- also love the French accents :) Loved the ambience too! This is a great place for a date or a girls night out :)	1
From the service to the food this place was a great place for me and the boy to celebrate our 2 year anniversary! Everything is reasonably priced for a french restaurant. The duck was amazing and so was the pork tenderloins. The staff is very attentive and accommodating. I had to push my reservation back a whole hour and they did not even hesitate to let me change (even though this place has people lining up waiting to get a seat at the bar.) My ONLY complaint is that the tables are very very tiny. I get it, in order to seat more people they sacrificed some table space, but at the same time, one of these tables barely fits two plates and two glasses.  Besides the tables I enjoyed every bit of my visit. The food was impeccable and the service was even better! I will definitely be back for a nice dinner in the future	1
Amazing wine bar. As good as it gets.. Great selection of Wine.. I mean if you know your wine and want to enjoy your winter days with a great ambiance + mouth caressing french nibbles (cheese platters and other raw delicacies ) then Amelie is the place. I had my first try of "snail" Escargot &amp; it was simply a lovely first experience. The meat was tender &amp; finely cooked and lightly seasoned with the herbs &amp; garlic.  Very great food &amp; wine and our server was super friendly and sweet.  Good Date Spot or even to have a get together wine chat over dinner.	1
What a charming little wine bar! I love this place. I've been here a couple times now and both times all of the staff have been delightful, quick and helpful. Prices are fair. Food is delicious! Great selection of wine and cocktails. Will be back.	1
Deliciousness at it Frenchish best! It was my second time here for dinner In a year since my last visit they (the French guys that run the place) have made some updates. You will no longer see the questionable 70sish (flea market sold) chairs and tables up front. The tables are new now and they give you more room and patrons to enjoy the window, and the walkers who pass by. If that is your thing. For others there is a nice bar and some high tables along with regular small tables toward the back.  What hasn't changed, fortunately, and brilliantly is the happy hour food and wine options. Yes, you can get the escargot, and 6 different types of crostinis and olives and a bunch of other yummys for happy hour prices. Oh and the wine special where you get to try 3 different options for $10 is simply dreamy. Speaking of, I am still dreaming about the filet mignon and the crisp fries that we shared.  The menu that comes clipped to an old cover of a record is touching. If you feel like catching up on your high school or college French you get the opportunity when you receive your check in a book. The atmosphere is very cozy. Lots of dates as well as single girl outings. Will certainly come back for more!	1
Amelie is awesome. I wish I lived in NYC or visited more often so that I could come here more. The service was great, wine was delicious and flowing, and appetizers were perfect.  It seemed like the perfect place to catch up with a good friend, which was exactly what me and an old college friend decided to do when I was in Manhattan last week. Happy hours is apparently the thing to visit Amelie for, which is between 4-7pm (I think).  The specials are amazing: $10 for any 3 flights of wine on the menu. They really do offer an EXTENSIVE list of of wines by the glass, pages full of wine! The appetizers are also a great deal for price and quality.  Between the two of us, we shared 4 flights of wine and a chicken liver mousse appetizer. We choose 2 flights of whites and 2 flights of reds, with variations in nationality and level of tanins. Our bartender was funny and definitely knew his wines considering that he knew the entire wine list backwards and forwards! His recommendations definitely met our liking and paired well with our liver mousse, which was DELICIOUS! I really like liver, duck or chicken, you name it. It doesn't even have to be foie gras. The live mousse, here, was well seasoned, fragrant and buttery. I loved that they paired it with a small ramekin of whole grain mustard and mini pickled cucumbers. Both had enough acidity to cut through the oils of the liver. The chefs definitely pay a lot of detail to their food.  The venue was classy, although not pretentious, giving it an authentic french feel to the restaurant. I appreciated that the bathroom was kept very clean and spacious. On top of that, the conversation and energy was definitely flowing. Waiters and bartenders were kind and treated happy hour guests to the same level as dining guests. Overall, the restaurant's attention to detail and service was superb and made it a phenomenal experience.  Anyways, great restaurant. I wish we didn't have to leave or else we would have followed happy hour with dinner at Amelie. Looking forward to coming back on my next trip to NYC!	1
Great place for drinks and food. They have a nice wine selection at reasonable prices and the food menu is interesting too. Definitely go for the cheese plate and and chicken liver pâté. Delicious. The service was nice, casual and friendly. Everyone seemed to be in a great mood and people there look like they enjoy working there. They were busy but still attentive and making sure everyone was taken care of. And it's cute how all of them speak French. I definitely consider going back.	1
At first glance, Amélie bears no resemblance to a French bistro. The interior of this part-restaurant, part-wine bar is a dimmed, yet alarmingly red interior. Upon entering one evening after work, my friend and I were surprised to find a bustling, clamorous crowd of people by the bar area near entrance, and it was as though we had walked into a model of anachronism; shiny, modern dining tables against a seemingly rustic bar, with patrons ranging from elderly couples to young professionals. Although the initial experience was slightly jarring, we were warmly greeted by the host and shown to our seats towards the rear of the restaurant. We had our orders taken before a small bag with sliced and baked bread was placed on the table, which we nibbled at throughout the evening. Our first courses arrived quickly. I had decided on the soup of the day, which was a mushroom bisque, while my friend had decided to go with the escargot. I have to admit that I treated my soup as more of a dipping sauce than anything else. Although small in portion, it was creamy, rich, and full of flavor, and a perfect welcome to the oncoming cooler weather. I was persuaded into trying an escargot from my friend's plate, but it was cooked well and the garlic-butter sauce it came with made up most of the flavor. For my main, I had gone for the Duck Leg Confit. The protein itself was quite generous, and I could tell that the outside had been crisped to near-perfection, while the interior meat was still kept moist, which was quite a feat. Hidden beneath was a sizeable amount of mushrooms and fingerling potatoes, which had been seasoned well and deliciously flavored with the remnants of duck fat. Although somewhat tricky to eat with the bone in (I was tempted to discard any semblance of manners and eat the leg with my hands), I pretty much cleared my plate. My friend had ordered the Gratin de ravioles du Royans, which was a rather small baked pasta dish. The cheese was plentiful, though, but I didn't find it so outstanding that I couldn't replicate it myself in my own kitchen. And finally, dessert. There were only two options that night, so we decided to get one of each. My absolute favorite was the Crème Brûlée; the vanilla bean flavor was delightfully present and the caramelized sliced bananas on top created a sweet and slightly crispy exterior. Looking back, I almost wish we had not gotten the Chocolate Fondant, especially as I actually don't extensively enjoy chocolate. Flavor-wise, it was rather one-dimensional, and I had expected a slightly molten interior, which this version lacked. Service throughout the night was spot-on, which was especially noteworthy given the ratio of clients to servers during that night. For all of its flaws and its somewhat scattered personality, Amélie still strikes home on multiple counts. I look forward to returning, especially to try some of their wine selections that are proudly on display behind the bar, especially as their happy hour is one of the better deals in the city.	1
Every time I go here, I'm thrilled! This is one of my favorite restaurants in NYC, if not my favorite. Everything I try is amazing and the service is way on point. I highly reccommend it for a date or birthday dinner. But you can even go just for the wine and cheese! Seriously.... I love this place.	1
The name is enough to draw you in.  I ordered the Duck Confit and it was flavorful.  The service was amazing	1
I love this place. Almost didn't want to write a review because I wanted to keep it a secret place that my gf and I can visit but with ~750 reviews it's not much of a secret.  Love the cheese platters (go with waiter recommendations), large glasses of wine and the bacon wrapped dates (may sound odd but is awesome)	1
This is my new favorite wine bar in the city! I was looking for a fun place for happy hour and happened upon Amelie. We arrived around 545 and the place was PACKED. Luckily, we got one of the last tables available.  They have a great happy hour special - $10 for a flight of wine and discounts appetizers. You can choose from a list of pre-selected flights or you can create your own. I recommend going with their selections!  We got the pistachio goat cheese ball with caramelized onions and honey. Oh my god it was amazing! They give you a basket of crusty bread to go with it too! We also got a few of the crostinis but the star of the meal was definitely the goat cheese. I can't wait to go back for happy hour again!	1
absolutely divine! First of all, this is a small place and it is always packed for dinner. You will be sitting in very close proximity to others and can overhear conversations of diners next to you and it can get quite loud in there. If you are planning a romantic dinner for a special occasion I recommend calling a reserving a spot at the very back of the restaurant. I personally enjoyed the interior decor of the place and the overall ambiance very much. It was so New York.  We started out with steak tartare and it was probably the best I have had in year. The tartare was robustly seasoned and had a bit of a kick and was served with delicious toast and a small side salad. The portion size was really good for the price. For the main course I had the gratin de ravioles, which was mini ravioli baked in cheese and sprinkled with truffle shavings. It was so rich, silky and decadent. This is not for the faint of heart as it is an extremely heavy and rich dish. My friend had the duck and said it was great as well. As much as I wanted to try desserts I was too stuffed to move. Great french style bread is also served on the side. Great find in NYC, I cant wait to visit again.	1
At Amelie, you won't only have your socks knocked off by their delicious food, but the elegant décor and sexy ambiance will leave you helplessly spellbound. They also have one of the best happy hours around(5pm-7pm) featuring a flight of 3 wines for $10!     The escargot is pretty darn good too.	1
Believe all the positive reviews. Came here on date night and everything was amazing.  Decor:  Very trendy and cool (Think Pokemon balls in a nightclub... trust me on this) Drink:  The flight of wines that were on a happy hour menu (on a Saturday night!) were excellent and I believe the flights were named/recommended by some of the employees. They had Sancerre!  Apps: The Warm pistachio crusted goat cheese ball and Baked medjool dates stuffed with Bleu d'Auvergne cheese wrapped with prosciutto and diced pear were heaven(menu says 5 but we got 6) Entree: Boyfriend loved the Gratin de ravioles du Royans - Specialty of Valence in Southern France made of wheat flour stuffed with Comtè &amp; Cottage Cheese - with truffle oil -- I ordered the Filet mignon (6oz) served with caramelized cipollini onions, fingerling potatoes, string beans, mushrooms, carrots and a red wine sauce topped with froi gras - was delicious.  Dessert: Valrhona chocolate fondant was pretty good and we ordered a dessert wine (dont remember the name).  Service was also on point and all of the servers we encountered were very friendly.	1
I love wine and cheese and Frenchy things. This is a perfect place for date night.  Their happy hour wine flights are $12 for 3 wines now. But still a generous pour! I loved everything we had here. foie gras, salmon tartare, and best thing was the cheese and charcuterie!  I made a reservation but the place was mostly empty when we got there. It filled up quickly though, and when we were almost done with our meal we were elbow-to-elbow with the people next to us. Good thing we were leaving anyway.  Friendly service too!	1
Wow? That about sums up our experience here from the service to the food.  I ran extremely late to meet a friend for dinner and some drinks. By the time I made my way over basically groveling for forgiveness, my friend had made friends and appeared quite a bit at home with phone charging and a glass of wine in hand chatting away content as ever. I walked into a standing ovation to finally appearing after my debacle of a start for the night they'd apparently heard all about by this point.  The food, unsure of what to expect and just happy to finally even be there, I was impressed. The mussels, flatbread, octopus salad and duck confit? Dinner over drinks ended up lasting a total of 5 hours. Never once were we rushed and they tended to us as if we'd been going there for years.  This place will surely be a regular dinner spot for me going forward and a place to recommend to anyone looking for a nice, cozy place with exceptional service and food good enough for wow-able praise.	1
I just keep coming back for more... the decor is not that great... more casual than fancy/trendy but def cozy and comfortable... food is very good 4-7 happy hour wine 6 dollars	1
Greatest little place in the whole village!  I thought the service and happy hour drink specials were spectacular!  It's a tight space, but they make it work.  The food was pretty good - we had a mix of the crostinis and the escargot, both on the happy hour menu, which went great with their sparkling and red wines on special.  I had a great time catching up with an old friend, and we left with a nice wine-induced glow for a very affordable price! I actually left my phone at the restaurant and the server was kind enough to run after me and hand it back which was so nice!  Kudos to the restaurant manager for hiring such impeccable staff!!	1
This place rocks!  Casual fun vibe.. and sexy.  Great suggestion on the wine and cheese from our waiter - I think he is from Australia.. all the single girls were hitting on him.  Anyway, get the charcuterie for sure, meats, cheese, and good times.	1
I think this is the same place as in San Francisco (at least their Ikea decor is the same), but it's just as awesome!  Ambiance is casual and fun but manages to pull off intimate and cozy too. Their happy hour is second to none with amazing wines and extremely generous pours.  You're almost shocked at how much you get for so little $$.  But it does get really crowded and packed quickly, so come early! Their food is pretty good too, and they know how to make proper small bites that pair well with the wine and keep you ordering more. The staff here are super nice and unpretentious.  They're busy, so they might not shower you with 5-star service, but once you have their attention, they're very informative and helpful with wine selection and tastings.	1
Came here over the weekend and LOVED it! I went for a quick app with my boyfriend before meeting some girlfriends out for a birthday so it was cut a bit short and I wished I could have stayed longer. If you are looking for happy hour in the West Village, look no further. They have flights of 3 wines for $12 and wonderful appetizer specials as well. I got the pistachio crusted goat cheese ball and it was to die for! This place is pretty small and was super crowded when we got there at 6:30 so I would definitely recommend a reservation. The waiters were all French and were super friendly. Delicious, affordable, super cute - not a bad thing to report.	1
My reminder of a Parisian Cafe in New York! I LOVE this place!! I've been searching all over NY for a restaurant that reminds me of the cafes in Paris and I finally found Amélie. This place reminds me of my favorite cafe in Saint-Germain-des-Prés! The wine selection is out of this world and the happy hour (4-7pm) is perfection. Needless to say that the food is délicieux! The staff are always super friendly  and helpful in suggesting wines or daily food specials; they also help me with my french.  I have been here over a dozen times and it never disappoints me. I do suggest making reservations ahead of time and being punctual as it's always busy. This restaurant is perfect for a girls night out!  FYI: the tables are very close to each other, so some people might not like that, but it's like any Parisian cafe.	1
Amelie,  Amelie, Mon Ami Amelie! What a great meal to be had here! Though the space is small and the dining area is cozy, the eats here will tantalize your tastebuds and the service was friendly. A reservation is key here as it gets packed especially on a Friday night and without hesitation, order the escargots and foie gras! The combination of the sweet pear and the foie gras stirs up a party in your mouth and the escargots are absolutely delish! I think these may actually be the best I've had in NYC! And now that's saying a lot! For mains, the duck confit is a winner as it's prepared crispy on the outside and super tender on the inside. My husband ordered one of the specials of the day which consisted of a halibut and seared scallops served with veggies and we both thought that was just okay. Treat yourself to a glass of wine or two especially the riesling which was light and crisp! A must-try for French foodie fans!	1
The ambience, the staffs, the food, the wine, everything screams impressive! Even the bathroom was spotless.  I went here for happy hour yesterday. We had reserved a table, but decided to ditch the table and sit at the empty bar. The place wasn't at all crowded at 5:45, but started picking up and was fully booked before 6:30 pm. They have a very reasonable and well organized happy hour menu. I was tempted to do the customized flight of 3 wines for $10, but decided to go with $6 South African shiraz and another round of $6 Mendoza Cabernet for the night. I must say, those wines were very delicious for the price we paid. We also ordered few bites from the happy hour menu. The crostinis with smoked salmon, fresh anchovies, proscutto served on some warm crispy bread were all $3 each and tasted great. I was also fan of their complementary baguette and duck rillette.  Amelie will definitely stay pretty high on my list of places to go for happy hour.	1
Came here on a Saturday night with my girlfriends after dinner. The place was full. We were immediately greeted upon entering and was told we had to wait for a table, which we didn't mind. The area around the bar isn't a spacious area to stand around while waiting. We were constantly in the waiters' way. However, they were very understanding, accommodating and even tried to serve us while we stood. Service was amazing!  Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the wine and helped us picked out a medium bodied, not too dry and sweet bottle of Reisling which we all loved and enjoyed.  We also asked our waiter for a recommendation on the 'Choice of 3' cheeses that will go great with the wine. He suggested the Hooligan, the Humboldt Fog and the Kunik.. All of which were delicious!!!  The Hooligan is a 'stinky' cheese and was stronger than the other two. It paired deliciously with the wine while allowing both flavors to mellow out the other rather than one overpowering the other.  Definitely my favorite!!!  The Humboldt Fog was also delicious but was more creamy and mild. My girlfriends loved this one. The Kunik was tangy and creamy. I can never say no to goat cheese. I can't wait to come back here!!! Perfect for a date night or just a night out with the girls!!!	1
This is definitely one of my favorite bars in the city! Everything about this place is excellent - the wine list, entree, desserts, service, venue, etc. They have an extensive drink menu with red and white wine, cocktails, beer, etc. and the price range is reasonable. For food and desserts, my friends and I ordered the Gratin with truffle oil, Duck Confit, Chocolate Lava Cake and Warm Tart with Vanilla Ice Cream, which were all excellent. Despite being so busy, the service staff were very friendly and accommodating throughout the meal. They even gave us complimentary champagne at the end of the dinner! Also, it's great that they take reservations, so you don't have to wait in line for hours like you have to at many other popular bars in the city. Although the venue is rather narrow and the noise level can get a bit high at times, I still highly recommend this venue for a date, girls' night out, or any other special occasion.	1
I don't even care that the waiter spilled* wine on me, THAT is how good the happy hour is here. The wine flights are perfect at $10 until 7. And the regular glasses of wine are gigantic. Like, could fit my fist inside the cup, gigantic. But the star of happy hour was the pistachio-crusted goat cheese with caramelized onions, honey, and an adorable burlap sack o' toasts.  I would recommend reservations or arriving before 5:30. *It was not the first time that dress had met wine. And it shan't be the last. Also, the bar has a Tide stain pen.	1
4.5 stars for this total gem. Disclaimer: We went 3 times in 1 night.  Stopped in and Stefan gave me a few tastes. Then Mikael took over and did the flights. We had over 10 flights, each different, each chosen by Mike. And each one was superb! Really interesting mixes of wine. We also did 2 cheese plates, although I only tried the one Mike chose, which was excellent. Trout, mussels, olives, and fries were all great.  So you ask, why did we go so many times in one night? Because these are some of the funniest and friendliest French men around. Olivier, Andre, Fred, Mikael, and Stefan (and the couple guys whose names I didn't get) all made our night wonderful. And happy hour every day doesn't hurt either.  Looking for your new favorite neighborhood bar? Look no further. If only I still lived in NY, I'd be back every night.	1
